{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\fmodern Courier;}{\f6\froman MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f8\froman Times;}{\f9\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f10\fswiss System;}{\f11\fmodern Courier New;}{\f12\froman CG Times;}{\f13\fswiss Univers;}{\f14\fnil Wingdings;}{\f15\fnil Fences;}{\f16\fnil MT Extra;}{\f17\fmodern MS LineDraw;}{\f18\fdecor Algerian;}
{\f19\fswiss Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f20\froman Bookman Old Style;}{\f21\fdecor Braggadocio;}{\f22\fswiss Britannic Bold;}{\f23\fscript Brush Script MT;}{\f24\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f25\fdecor Colonna MT;}{\f26\fdecor Desdemona;}
{\f27\froman Footlight MT Light;}{\f28\fswiss Impact;}{\f29\fdecor Kino MT;}{\f30\froman Wide Latin;}{\f31\fscript Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f32\fdecor Playbill;}{\f33\fmodern LinePrinter;}{\f34\fswiss MS Dialog;}{\f35\fnil Small Fonts;}
{\f36\froman ijoijoi;}{\f37\fswiss J.Soft logo;}{\f38\froman Roman;}{\f39\fscript Script;}{\f40\fmodern Modern;}{\f41\fswiss Arial Narrow;}{\f42\fdecor ZapfDingbats;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{
\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{
\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{
\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{
\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{
\s242\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 \f2\fs16\up6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \f2\fs20\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\qj\fi284\li354 \f2\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{
\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\qj\fi284\li2835 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 rientro1;}{\s3\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon2\snext3 rientro2;}{\s4\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext4 rientro des;}{\s5\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon2\snext5 rientro3;}{\s6\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext6 campoalftab;}{\s7\qr\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon6\snext7 camponum;}{\s8\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon2\snext8 risposta;}{\s9\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f2\fs48\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext9 tit1pub;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext10 subtitpub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs32\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext11 subsubtitpub;}{\s12\qr\fi284\keepn 
\b\i\f2\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext12 attenzione;}{\s13\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext13 intestit1des;}{\s14\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1sin;}{
\s15\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon14\snext15 intestit2sin;}{\s16\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon13\snext16 intestit2des;}{\s17\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 normale rientro0;}{
\s18\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext18 col.1 for1;}{\s19\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext19 normale no rientro;}{\s20\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 norm;}{\s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 
\f2\fs20\lang1040 \snext21 /intes barra;}{\s22\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext22 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext23 pie pag barra;}{
\s24\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext24 var=2;}{\s25\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon24\snext25 var=3;}{\s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext26 endnote text;}{\s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext27 Intermedio;}{
\s28\qj \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext28 Tabella;}{\s29\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext29 testo nota di chiusura;}}{\info{\title lg_documentation}{\subject File Unificato Documentazione/Iperhelp}{\doccomm Attivita documentation}
{\creatim\yr1995\mo1\dy22\hr23\min45}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy18\hr14\min46}{\printim\yr1995\mo4\dy7\hr10\min21}{\version62}{\edmins468}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords900}{\nofchars5222}{\vern16415}}
\paperw11901\paperh16834\margl1134\margr1134\margt1701\margb1701\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \binfsxn1\binsxn1\pgnrestart\linex0\headery1088\footery918\colsx709 {\header \pard\plain \qr\fi284\ri-6 \f2\lang2057 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b styleref}{
\b  "titolo 1"}}{\fldrslt {\b #K$+ Documentation layout: models variant page}}}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LEGOCAD  HELP on line\tab \tab \tab 
\par \pard\plain \s19\qc\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 {\b s.d.i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_documentation}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K Activity;Documentation}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Activity : Documentation}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_help:120}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain 
\f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }DOCUMENTATION ACTIVITY
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The {\i documentation} activity allows to print and insert model description information.
\par {\i Documentat}{\i ion} provides a series of dialogs for a guided insertion of information of interest for model description and generates a formatted and standardized report.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 HOW TO
\par \pard\plain \qj \f2\lang2057 {\b 1}  {\strike Insert block or model notes}{\v lgc_dc_mdblk_notes}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Insert data or variable information}{\v lgc_dc_datavar_info }{\strike 
\par }{\b 3}  {\strike Show and print documentation}{\v lgc_dc_print}
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par \pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 DOCUMENTATION WINDOWS LAYOUT
\par \pard\plain \qj \f2\lang2057 {\b 1}  {\strike Documentation main window}{\v lgc_dc_mw_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Notes page}{\v lgc_dc_notes_pg_ly}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Data and variables pages}{\v lgc_dc_datavar_pg_ly}
\par {\b 4}  {\strike Print preview page}{\v lgc_dc_print_}{\v pg_ly}
\par {\b 5}  {\strike Unit of measurement page}{\v lgc_dc_udm_pg_ly}
\par {\b 6}  {\strike Models variant page}{\v lgc_dc_variant_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_mdblk_notes}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K How;model or block notes;Documentation}$
{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : how to insert model or block notes}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:000}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',}{\plain \f2\lang2057 `lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Documentation: Insert block or model notes
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284\tx7088 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 The user can insert some notes about the model in use or a selected block through the notes page which is called by pressing the "Note" push button. 
\par This push button is available either in the main window documentation page (model notes push button) or in the data/variables pages (block notes). In particular, "geometrical data of the block" and the "in/out va
riables of the block" pages are available after the block has been selected in the list. 
\par 
\par Information on the pages layout is available in:
\par \pard \qj {\b 1}  {\strike Documentation main window layout}{\v lgc_dc_mw_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Notes page layout}{\v lgc_dc_notes_pg_ly}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Data and variables page layout}{\v lgc_dc_datavar_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_datavar_info}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K How;data or variables notes;Documentation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : how insert data or variables notes}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:010}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }
Documentation: Data or variables added information
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The user can insert further information about geometrical data by calling the "geometrical data of the block" page and about input/output variables through the "in/out variables of the block" page. 
\par These pages show for every item (datum or variable) the symbol, value and unit of measurements. 
\par Added available fields are "Data source", "Rev" (revision), "Page" (inside the document) and "Date"(of the modification). 
\par In "geometrical data of the block" page is available (for each datum) a push button to insert enumerated block's notes. 
\par 
\par Each window displays the "Note" push button to call the notes page for the block.
\par 
\par Information on the page layout is available in 
\par \pard \qj {\b 1}  {\strike Documentation main window layout}{\v lgc_dc_mw_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Notes page layout}{\v lgc_dc_notes_pg_ly}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Data and variables page layout}{\v lgc_dc_datavar_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_print}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K How;print documentation;Documentation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : how to print documentation}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:020}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Documentation: Print notes
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The user can see and print any part of the documentation by selecting Print's pulldown menu. Three choices are available: data documentation, variable documentation, steady state documentation although the same "print preview page" will always be displaye
d. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_mw_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;main window;Documentation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : layout documentation main window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:200}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Documentation layout: main window
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Besides a pulldown menu the documentation main window has a scrolled window containing the list of the model blocks. Every row contains the block name, the module name and the block description. 
\par A push button named "Note" displays the note page to insert block or model notes. 
\par 
\par Pulldown menu:
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1981\cellx7701\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1981\cellx7701\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Print\cell 
Prints options\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    Data doc.\cell Shows and prints data documentation\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
   Variable doc.\cell Shows and prints variables documentation\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    Steady state doc.\cell Shows and prints steady state documentation\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Save info\cell Saves inserted information\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Quit\cell Exits from the system\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Edit}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Data\cell \pard \s28\intbl Opens the variables documentation 
\par window of a selected block\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Variables\cell \pard \s28\intbl Opens the data documentation 
\par window of a selected block\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Config\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Unit\cell 
Opens a window to change the m.u.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Steady state version\cell Opens a window showing the steady 
\par state files\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1981\cellx7701\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Print\cell Selects printer config\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 

\par When a block is selected in the list a popup menu similar to the Edit's pulldown menu will appear (after pressing the mouse 3rd button) either in the geometrical data of the block page or the in/out variables of the block page.
\par Popup menu:
\par Data
\par Variables.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_notes_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;notes pege;Documentation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : layout of notes page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:210}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Documentation layout: notes page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The notes page features a label bearing the model's name and a scrolled window where the user can insert his remarks. 
\par Confirmation buttons ("OK", "Apply", "Cancel") are displayed.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_datavar_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;data & variables page;Documentation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : layout data & variables pagelayout}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:220}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp}{\plain \f2\lang2057 .hlp',`lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }
Documentation layout: data and variables pages layout
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Both pages have description and confirmation areas but differ as to the displaying data area (scrolled window). 
\par 
\par {\b Description area:
\par }featuring the "Note" push button which calls the notes page when clicked as well as the name and the block description labels.
\par 
\par {\b Confirmation area:
\par }featuring the following push buttons: "OK" to store and close the page, "Apply" to store the page and "Cancel" to close the page. 
\par 
\par {\b Displayed data area of the "geometrical data of the block" page:
\par }all data are displayed in a row with the following text fields :
\par Name, Value, Data source, Rev, Page, Date, Note.
\par There is also a push button to insert a numbered note.
\par 
\par {\b Displayed data area of the "in/out variables of the block" pages:
\par }all data are displayed in a row with the following text fields :
\par Name, Value, Unit, Descr (push button), Data source, Rev, Page, Date.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_print_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;print page;Documentation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : layout print page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:230}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Documentation layout: print preview page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The print preview page has the following areas:
\par 
\par {\b Selection area:
\par }featuring an option menu to select the index or the documentation page; two arrow buttons; two text fields showing the current page and the tota
l number of pages; a "Goto" push button to select the number of the page which will be loaded. This last push button can display a simple "change page". 
\par 
\par {\b Scrolled window area 
\par }featuring the documentation text
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 {\b Selections area
\par }featuring the "Print" and the "Cancel" push buttons. A click on the "Print" push button will display the "print documentation" page which can configure the model to be printed.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_udm_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;unity of measurements page;Documentation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : layout unity of measurements page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:240}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }
Documentation layout: unit of measurement page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par This window allows to change the unit of measurement only for the documentation's variables: all variable values in documentation are converted accordingly with the unit of measurement specified by user.
\par An option menu follows each label containing a physical quantity.
\par Are available the following unit of measurement in the above option menus. 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qj \f2\fs20\lang2057 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1675\cellx2728\cellx3710\cellx4563\cellx5266\pard \s28\qj\intbl Flow\cell Kg/s\cell t/h\cell lb/s\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1675\cellx2728\cellx3710\cellx4563
\cellx5266\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Pression\cell Pa\cell bar\cell ata\cell psi\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Temperature\cell ^K\cell ^C\cell ^F\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Entalphy\cell J/Kg\cell KJ/Kg\cell btu/lb\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Power\cell W\cell MW\cell KW\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Lift\cell p.u.\cell %\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Angular speed\cell rad/s\cell RPM\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Frequency\cell rad/s\cell RPM\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Level\cell in\cell m\cell ft\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Mass\cell Kg\cell t\cell lb\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Concentration\cell ppm\cell \cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Percentage\cell %\cell p.u.\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Press diff\cell Pa\cell bar\cell ata\cell psi\cell \pard\plain 
\intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1675\cellx2728\cellx3710\cellx4563\cellx5266\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Reactance\cell pcm\cell $\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn 
\shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_dc_variant_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K Layout;models variant page;Documentation}$
{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Documentation : layout models variant  page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_document:250}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 
{\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_documentation')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Documentation layout: models variant page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The user can see the different model's steady states that have been saved through the "model's variant" page. This page shows all the steady state data files. 
\par The page has the following areas :
\par {\b Data area:
\par }featuring the identifier of the steady state, the file path name and a select push button. 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx142 
\par {\b Confirmation area
\par }featuring two push buttons one to close the page ("Done") and one to display the selected steady state file ("View"). 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par }