{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\fmodern Courier;}{\f6\froman MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f8\froman Times;}{\f9\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f10\fswiss System;}{\f11\fmodern Courier New;}{\f12\froman CG Times;}{\f13\fswiss Univers;}{\f14\fnil Wingdings;}{\f15\fnil Fences;}{\f16\fnil MT Extra;}{\f17\fmodern MS LineDraw;}{\f18\fdecor Algerian;}
{\f19\fswiss Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f20\froman Bookman Old Style;}{\f21\fdecor Braggadocio;}{\f22\fswiss Britannic Bold;}{\f23\fscript Brush Script MT;}{\f24\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f25\fdecor Colonna MT;}{\f26\fdecor Desdemona;}
{\f27\froman Footlight MT Light;}{\f28\fswiss Impact;}{\f29\fdecor Kino MT;}{\f30\froman Wide Latin;}{\f31\fscript Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f32\fdecor Playbill;}{\f33\fmodern LinePrinter;}{\f34\fswiss MS Dialog;}{\f35\fnil Small Fonts;}
{\f36\froman ijoijoi;}{\f37\fswiss J.Soft logo;}{\f38\froman Roman;}{\f39\fscript Script;}{\f40\fmodern Modern;}{\f41\fswiss Arial Narrow;}{\f42\fdecor ZapfDingbats;}{\f43\fswiss Univers (WN);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{
\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{
\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{
\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{
\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{
\s242\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 \f2\fs16\up6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \f2\fs20\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\qj\fi284\li354 \f2\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{
\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\ri-6\keepn \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\qj\fi284\li2835 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 rientro1;}{\s3\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon2\snext3 rientro2;}{\s4\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext4 rientro des;}{\s5\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon2\snext5 rientro3;}{\s6\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext6 campoalftab;}{\s7\qr\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon6\snext7 camponum;}{\s8\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon2\snext8 risposta;}{\s9\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f2\fs48\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext9 tit1pub;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext10 subtitpub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs32\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext11 subsubtitpub;}{\s12\qr\fi284\keepn 
\b\i\f2\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext12 attenzione;}{\s13\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext13 intestit1des;}{\s14\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1sin;}{
\s15\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon14\snext15 intestit2sin;}{\s16\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon13\snext16 intestit2des;}{\s17\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 normale rientro0;}{
\s18\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext18 col.1 for1;}{\s19\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext19 normale no rientro;}{\s20\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 norm;}{\s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 
\f2\fs20\lang1040 \snext21 /intes barra;}{\s22\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext22 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext23 pie pag barra;}{
\s24\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext24 var=2;}{\s25\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon24\snext25 var=3;}{\s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext26 endnote text;}{\s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext27 Intermedio;}{
\s28\qj \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext28 Tabella;}{\s29\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext29 testo nota di chiusura;}}{\info{\title lg_grafics}{\subject File Unificato Documentazione/Iperhelp}{\doccomm Grafics activity}
{\creatim\yr1995\mo1\dy24\hr22\min19}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy18\hr14\min56}{\printim\yr1995\mo4\dy7\hr11\min23}{\version105}{\edmins791}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16415}}
\paperw11901\paperh16834\margl1134\margr1134\margt1701\margb1701\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \binfsxn1\binsxn1\sbknone\pgnrestart\linex0\headery1088\footery918\colsx709 {\header \pard\plain \qr\fi284\ri-6 \f2\lang2057 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b 
styleref}{\b  "titolo 1"}}{\fldrslt {\b #K$+Graphics layout: scale limits page}}}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LEGOCAD  HELP on line\tab \tab \tab {\field{\*\fldinst page}{\fldrslt 13}}
\par \pard\plain \s19\qc\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 {\b s.d.i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_graphics}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K Activity;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 
\f2\lang2057 $ Activity : graphics }+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_help:100}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057 
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }GRAPHICS ACTIVITY
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The Graphics tool allows to manage a graphic trend of max. 4 variables recorded during simulation (simulation historical data are recorded on F22 file).
\par Using Graphics the user select variables and any other parameter such the units of measurements, upper and lower measurement limits etc. {\b 
\par }Furthermore the user can save variables and their specific parameters in groups which can be called either during the same or during the next execution of the program. 
\par All samples stored in the file (i.e. the whole simulation) are displayed on the page.
\par It is also possible to zoom on a particularly drawing area and to use the {\strike\ul collimation}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_collimation')} function to know variables values of all the pixels displayed. 
\par Displaying is static if simulation is not active, while trends are compressed during the simulation to make room for the new samples.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 HOW TO
\par \pard\plain \qj \f2\lang2057 {\b 1}  {\strike Open a simulation file}{\v lgc_gr_open_file}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Select displaying variable set}{\v lgc_gr_select}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Use groups}{\v lgc_gr_groups}
\par {\b 4}  {\strike Use zoom}{\v lgc_gr_zoom}
\par {\b 5}  {\strike Change m.u.}{\v lgc_gr_udm}
\par {\b 6}  {\strike Change displayed full scale}{\v lgc_gr_range}
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par \pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 GRAPHICS WINDOWS LAYOUT
\par \pard\plain \qj \f2\lang2057 {\b 1}  {\strike Graphics main window}{\v lgc_gr_mw_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike File selection page layout}{\v lgc_gr_file_pg_ly}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Variables selection page layout}{\v lgc_gr_variables_pg_ly}
\par {\b 4}  {\strike Groups pages layout}{\v lgc_gr_groups_pg_ly}
\par {\b 5}  {\strike M.u. selection pages layout}{\v lgc_gr_udm_pg_ly}
\par {\b 6}  {\strike Full scale page layout}{\v lgc_gr_range_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_open_file}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K How;open grafics file;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : how to open a file of graphics}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:000}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics: open file
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Graphics activity in LEGOCAD calls the GRAPHICS tool with F22 task output file already opened by default . 
\par The user can also open another data file by selecting File Open's pulldown menu from the main window; Graphics will display the file selection page. 
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information on these pages layout is available in:
\par {\b 1} {\strike File selection page layout}{\v lgc_gr_file_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_select}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K How;select grafics variable;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : how to select and displaying grafics variable}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:010}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics: select variables
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The user can display any recorded variables by selecting them in a displayed list on the selection variable page which is opened from the pulldown menu (Measure/Selection). up to four variables are displayed simultaneously. 
\par The page displays variables which are selected in the list; the selection carries the
 variable in a position fixed by the user by clicking one of the four "location" toggle buttons. In this way the user can also choose the relative order of every variable in the graphic page. This operation is made by clicking the "location" toggle button
 and then selecting the variable. A new selection deletes an older one. 
\par Other available operations are the deletion of a selection and the search for one variable in the list. In particular, when a name is searched for in the list the "Previous" and "Near
" push buttons can move the search result in the list. Generally these push buttons scroll the list. 
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information on these pages layout is available in:
\par {\b 1} {\strike Variables selection page layout}{\v lgc_gr_variables_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_groups}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K How;variables groups;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : how to use groups}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:020}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics: use groups
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par A group is a collection of up to four variables (and their parameters) which is saved in a file to ease future selection. The user can store a group and give it a name which will be used for new selections.
\par Every variable can belong to more than one group. 
\par Groups can be deleted. 
\par The user can set groups from the pulldown menu (Graphic/Selection, Graphic/Save) by calling dedicated pages. 
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information on these pages layout is available in:
\par {\b 1} {\strike Groups pages layout}{\v lgc_gr_groups_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_zoom}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K How;zoom}${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : how to use zoom;Graphics}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:030}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain 
\f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics: use zoom
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par To have a better view of the line displayed the user can use the zoom function which is available either for X-axis (from Graphics Zoom pulldown menu) or both XY axis (from Default | On-Off ordinate zoom pulldown menu) 
\par The user disables the zoom function by pressing using the Defaults | Restore push button from the pulldown menu.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_udm}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K How;change the m.u. in Grafics;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : how to change the m.u.}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:040}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics: change m.u.
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Through this function each variable can be related to a default unit of measurement chosen among those provided. 
\par This is a permanent choice, which will remain unvaried in the next executions of the program. All the variables which will be selected at a later time will use the default values. The user can also change the join unit of measurement associated with the v
ariable. 
\par So there are two dialog pages to change the unit of measurements. 
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information on this page layout is available in:
\par {\b 1} {\strike M.u. selection pages layout}{\v lgc_gr_udm_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_range}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K How;full scale;Graphics}$
{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : how to change the full scale}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:050}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain 
\f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics: change upper and lower scale limits
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The user can change the full scale of a displayed variable and the scaling modality. By default Graphics uses autoscaling modality (scale limits are calculated so that trends are drawn in all whole drawing area). However the fixed scale can be set giving 
maximum and minimum values for each variable.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_mw_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;Grafics main window;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : layout of the main window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:200}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics layout: main window
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The visualisation area is divided in:
\par {\b Pulldown menu area :
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2067\cellx5476\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2067\cellx5476\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Open
\cell Selects and opens a data file which
\par differs from default f22\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Hard copy\cell Prepares the window 
\par for an hard copy\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Quit\cell Closes the window\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Defaults\cell }\cell \pard\plain 
\intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Units of measurement\cell Change the default m.u.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 On/off collimation\cell 
Sets the collimation function\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 On/off ordinate zoom\cell Sets the two-dimension zoom\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 On/off time in sec\cell Sets time in seconds or minutes\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Graphics\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 Zoom\cell Sets the mouse arrows to select
\par the zoom area\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Restore\cell Excludes zoom selection\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Selection\cell 
Selects the group of saved variables \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Save\cell Saves a group of 4 variables\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b 
Measure\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Change m.u.\cell Change the m.u. of the selected 
\par variables\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Change full scale\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2067\cellx5476\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
Selection\cell Selects the displayed variables \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b Identification selected file area.
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b Drawing area.
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b Measure identification in the used area.
\par }Current measurement values. 
\par Time scale (on X-axis scale).
\par scale values area
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_file_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;file page layout;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : layout of file page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:210}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics layout: file selection page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The file selection page has four text fields that contain the pathname of a file in the "f22.dat" format. This page has also four toggle buttons related to the file to be opened. 
\par Although the file pathname could already exist the user can insert a new one. These files have previously been inserted from the user (and saved by Graphics) and the selection is made by clicking on the left toggle button. An "OK" push button confirms the
 choice and closes the page whereas a "Cancel" push button quit the selection. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_variables_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;variables page selection;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : layout of the variable selection page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:220}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics layout: variables page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par This page has four "location" toggle buttons, a scrolled list containing the graphical variables list and five "operation" push buttons. 
\par When the mouse left button {\strike \{bmc SCLEFTSC.bmp\}} is clicked on a variable of the list, the variable will be displayed in a label to the right of the chosen toggle button. 
\par 
\par At the bottom of the page there are the following push buttons:
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1498\cellx6682\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\lang2057 OK\cell }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Confirms all selections and closes the page\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1498\cellx6682\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\lang2057 Quit\cell }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Exits from the }{\plain \f2\lang2057 page\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\lang2057 Next\cell }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Scrolls or searches forward\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\lang2057 Previous\cell }{\plain \f2\lang2057 
Scrolls or searches back\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1498\cellx6682\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\lang2057 Cancel\cell }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Deletes a selection\cell }\pard\plain 
\intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_groups_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;groups;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : layout of groups page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:230}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics layout: groups pages
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Groups can be used through the pulldown menu. In particular it is possible to 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2201\cellx6230\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\lang2057 save a group\cell }{\plain \f2\lang2057 using Group saving page\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 
\cellx2201\cellx6230\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\lang2057 select a group \cell }{\plain \f2\lang2057 using Group selection page\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b\i Group save page layout
\par }This page displays a scrolled window containing the list of the names of the related to the saved groups, a text field to insert the name of a new group and two p
ush buttons to confirm or to quit the page. The user can insert a new group by selecting an available one and inserting its name in the text field. 
\par 
\par {\b\i Group select page layout
\par }Likewise group selection page has the same list in a scrolled window. The user can select the group by clicking on a group name with the first mouse button {\strike \{bmc SCLEFTSC.bmp\}}
 and then by pushing on the "OK" button. The "Quit" push button closes the page without any selection. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_udm_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K Layout;m.u. in grafics ;Graphics}${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : layout of m.u. changing pages}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:240}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain 
\f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics layout: m.u. pages
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Available unit of measurement pages :
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \b\i\f2\lang2057 Default unit of measurement page}{\plain \i\f2\lang2057     (from Default/M.u. p.m.)}{\plain \b\i\f2\lang2057 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
This dialog page can set the default values for the unit of measurement of every kind of variable. The page has a scrolled window containing the different kinds of variables and below toggle buttons. After selecting one of them, the user sets one of the a
vailable m.u. to the chosen variables.
\par The confirmation area has "OK" and "Cancel" push buttons. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \b\i\f2\lang2057 Changing unit of measurement page}{\plain \f2\lang2057  }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057     (from Measure/Change M.u. p.m.)}{\plain \b\i\f2\lang2057 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 Through the unit of measurement page the user can select a different m.u. for one of the displayed variables. 
\par The page has four toggle buttons to set the variable which could be modified and a number of toggle buttons equal to the available m.u..
\par The confirmation area has "OK" and "Cancel" push buttons.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_gr_range_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;groups;Graphics}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Graphics : layout of groups page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_grap:250}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_graphics')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Graphics layout: scale limits page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The layout of the scale limits page includes the:
\par 
\par {\b Selected variables area:
\par }featuring the label of the four (maximum) variables that have been selected and their toggle buttons to be able to modify a specific variable.
\par 
\par {\b Drawing modality area:
\par }
featuring the autoscaling and fixed scale toggle buttons as well as the Max/min text field to insert the maximum and minimum values of the variable (in the fixed scale modality). Once the user pressed enter on the keyboard after insert operation the page 
will close and the entry saved.
\par 
\par {\b Confirmation area:
\par }featuring the OK and Quit push buttons. The first push button saves the newly inserted parameters and closes the page while, the second will close the page without saving.
\par 
\par }