{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f4\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{
\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f4\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{
\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{
\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{
\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{
\s242\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 \f4\fs16\up6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 
\f4\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f3\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f3\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f3\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \f3\fs20\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\f3\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\qj\fi284\li354 \f3\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{
\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 
\f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj\fi284 \f4\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext1 testo nota di chiusura;}{\s2\qj\fi284 \f4\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 testo nota di chiusura;}{
\s3\qj\fi284\li2835 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext3 rientro1;}{\s4\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext4 rientro2;}{\s5\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext5 rientro des;}{\s6\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f4\lang2057 
\sbasedon3\snext6 rientro3;}{\s7\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext7 campoalftab;}{\s8\qr\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon7\snext8 camponum;}{\s9\qj\fi284\keepn \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext9 risposta;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f4\fs48\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext10 tit1pub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 \b\f4\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext11 subtitpub;}{\s12\qc\fi284 \b\f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext12 subsubtitpub;}{\s13\qr\fi284\keepn \b\i\f4\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext13 attenzione;}{
\s14\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f4\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1des;}{\s15\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f4\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext15 intestit1sin;}{\s16\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f4\lang2057 
\sbasedon15\snext16 intestit2sin;}{\s17\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f4\lang2057 \sbasedon14\snext17 intestit2des;}{\s18\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext18 normale rientro0;}{\s19\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon252\snext19 col.1 for1;}{\s20\qj\fi284\keepn \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 normale no rientro;}{\s21\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext21 norm;}{\s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f4\fs20\lang1040 \snext22 /intes barra;}{
\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext23 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s24\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext24 pie pag barra;}{\s25\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f4\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext25 var=2;}{\s26\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon25\snext26 var=3;}{\s27\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext27 testo nota di chiusura;}{\s28\qc \b\i\f4\fs36\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext28 Intermedio;}{\s29\qj \f4\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext29 Tabella;}{\s30\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext23 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s31\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext31 pie pag barra;}{\s32\qj\fi284 
\f4\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext32 endnote text;}}{\info{\title LEGOHELP}{\subject File Unificato Documentazione/Iperhelp}{\creatim\yr1995\mo1\dy16\hr20\min4}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy22\hr13\min34}{\printim\yr1995\mo4\dy25\hr10\min21}{\version192}{\edmins1382}
{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern16415}}\paperw11901\paperh16834\margl1134\margr1134\margt1701\margb1701\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \binfsxn1\binsxn1\pgnrestart\linex0\headery1088\footery918\colsx709 {\header \pard\plain 
\qr\fi284\ri-6 \f4\lang2057 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b \\}{\b styleref}{\b  "titolo 1"}}{\fldrslt {\b #K$+SUMMARY}}}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f4\fs20\lang1040 
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f4\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LEGOCAD  HELP on line\tab \tab \tab {\field{\*\fldinst \\page }{\fldrslt 1}}
\par \pard\plain \s20\qc\fi284\keepn \f4\lang2057 {\b s.d.i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_summary}}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} summary}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} Introduction and summary of LEGOCAD}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 
\f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:000}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !} ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legoroot.hlp',`lg_help_root')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }SUMMARY
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par LEGOCAD is an interactive tool that allows LEGO developer to create and manage dynamic models.
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6 It handles all phases of model development (described in {\strike Model construction area}{\v lgc_mw_costruction} of LEGOCAD main window) from model topological definition to dynamic simulations analysis.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qc \b\i\f4\fs36\lang2057 HOW TO
\par \pard\plain \qj \f4\lang2057 {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_set_up}  Set up LEGOCAD
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_librarian}  Librarian
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_display}  Select operating mode
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_new_model}  Open/Create a model
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\ul lgc_topology}  Define model's Topology
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_edata}  Insert numeric data
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_edi14}  Recover numeric data (edi14)
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_steady_state}  Calculate Steady State
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_simulation}  Run simulations (Transient Calc)
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_graphics}  View Graphical results (Trends)
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_H2O_tables}  Use water-steam tables
\par {\strike \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v lgc_documentation}  Documentation
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\ulw 
\par }\pard\plain \s28\qc\ri-6 \b\i\f4\fs36\lang2057 LEGOCAD MAIN WINDOW LAYOUT
\par \pard\plain \qj \f4\lang2057 {\strike Pulldown menu}{\v lgc_mw_pulldown}
\par {\strike Legocad environment area}{\v lgc_mw_environment}
\par {\strike Model construction area}{\v lgc_mw_costruction} 
\par {\strike Utilities area}{\v lgc_mw_utilities} 
\par {\strike Message area}{\v lgc_mw_messages}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page {\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_set_up}}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} How;LEGOCAD set up}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} How : set up of LEGOCAD}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 
\f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:010}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !} ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD: set-up

\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par Definition of some environment variables is needed for correct use of LEGOCAD tool.  A sample {\b .profile }file is provided for LEGOCAD users.
\par {\b LEGOROOT }environment variable contains legocad installation directory's path name; this variable can be modified accordingly to the particular LEGOCAD installation.
\par {\b LEGOCAD_USER} environment variable contains {\strike\ul LEGOCAD user directory}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_lg_usr_dir')}'s path name; it defaults to HOME variable. In this way legocad user directory is the user login directory.
\par You can override this default setting redefining in {\b .profile} LEGOCAD_USER variable (N.B. definition must be inserted after the $LEGOROOT/install/user.profile call).
\par 
\par N.B.{\i   Modification of .profile file is suggested only if you are familiar with system management otherwise contact system manager.
\par }
\par Next step in LEGOCAD set-up consists of the use of {\strike LIBRARIAN}{\v lgc_librarian} utility for the creation or copy from standard ones of the following libraries :
\par 1. process modules library (for process modelling)
\par 2. control modules library (for control modelling)
\par 3. graphic icons (for diagram interface use).
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page {\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_display}}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} How;select operating mode}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} How : select LEGOCAD operating mode}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:030}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !} ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD: operating mode
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx142 \f4\lang2057 
\par LEGOCAD provides two different operating mode: {\i symbolic diagram} and {\i only by lists}. 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx142\tx9923 
Symbolic diagram operating mode allows the use of a schematic representation (diagram) of  the model internal structure. All user operations are accessed by selection of model components on the diagram. Typical windows displayed are {\strike\ul 
diagram page's index}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId}{\v (`gloshelp.hlp',`}{\v\ul lgc_gl_model_index_pg}{\v ')} and {\strike\ul model diagram page}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`}{\v\ul lgc_gl_model_diag_pg}{\v ')} (with the diagram).
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx142 Use of LEGOCAD by lists is provided for compatibility with models developed with previous versions of LEGOCAD: user operations on models are accessed via selections on scrolled lists. 
\par You can set Operating Mode selecting from LEGOCAD main window's pull down menu (Display button) one of the following options :
\par Symbolic diagram
\par Only by list
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b # lgc_new_model}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 K How;create new model}${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 $ How : create new model}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 + Lg_help:040}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !}
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD:open & create a model
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 \f4\lang2057 
\par To create/open a new model select {\b process modelling}, {\b control system modelling} or {\b mixed system modelling} from File pulldown menu depending on model type you have to build (or modify).
\par A list of all legocad models owned by the user (i.e. created in {\strike\ul LEGOCAD user directory}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_lg_usr_dir')} ) is displayed.
\par You can select one of the models listed or specify a new model name in the text field below.
\par Additional information on models listed (model description, list of LEGO modules used, auxiliary fortran file {\strike\ul FORAUS.FOR }{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_FORAUS')}
 for the LEGO model ) are available selecting a model in the list and activating View button.
\par Model opened (or created) is loaded in LEGOCAD main window, model construction activities buttons are enabled according to the step of development reached. If the model is newly created you are prompted for model description.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_edi14}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} Activity;edi14}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} Activity : edi14}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:070}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !}
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD: edi14
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par Edi14 is useful for recovering variables and data values from other data files in {\strike\ul F1}{\strike\ul 4}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_F14')} format.
\par A source data file specified by the user is merged with the actual f14 model file; the produced file is named edi14.out.
\par Merge performed preserves actual f14 model file structure (i.e. variable, blocks and data names) and assigns values of variables having same names or data values of blocks with same names from source file to newly created file (edi14.out).
\par User can rename edi14.out file as needed, eventually substituting original f14 file.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_H2O_tables}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} Activity;h20 tables;water;steam}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} Activity : H2O Tables;h20 tables}}
{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:110}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !}
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD: WATER STEAM TABLES
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par Water steam tables provide an interface to Mollier diagram for H2O properties.
\par Water steam tables utility provides a series of predefined functions whose input values may be entered by the user; calculated value is displayed. Tables used are the same mapped for LEGO blocks calculation. Values between two tables points are calculated
 by interpolation. 
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qc \b\i\f4\fs36\lang2057 HOW TO
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b 1}\tab {\strike Calculate water steam property}{\v lgc_h2o_calculate}{\b 
\par }
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qc \b\i\f4\fs36\lang2057 H2O TABLES LAYOUT
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b 1}\tab {\strike Displayed window}{\v lgc_h2o_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_mw_pulldown}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} Layout;LEGOCAD main window}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} Main window of LEGOCAD : pulldown menu}}
{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:200}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !}
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD main window layout: pulldown menu
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 \f4\lang2057 
\par LEGOCAD main window contains the following pull-down menu :
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2553\cellx8273\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2553\cellx8273\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 
Process modelling...\cell The first three options allow to load\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Control system modelling\cell  an already existent model (process, control\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Mixed system modelling\cell  or mixed) from a list or to create a new one.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 General management...\cell 
Delete models, modify models' description or auxiliary fortran.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Quit{\b \cell }Exit the system\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl 
\f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b Edit}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Copies model\cell Copy a model.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 
Copies training examples\cell Copy one of the standard training examples provided with 
\par the LEGOCAD tool.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b Option}\cell \pard \s29\intbl \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Display\cell 
Select legocad operating mode (default: Symbolic diagram)\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057     Symbolic diagram\cell LEGOCAD shows a symbolic plant's representation.\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f4\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2553\cellx8273\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057     Only by list{\b \cell }LEGOCAD only displays editors by lists.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_mw_environment}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} Layout;LEGOCAD main window}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} Main window of LEGOCAD : environment area
}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:210}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !}
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD main window layout: environment area
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par In this area is displayed the directories' tree for legocad developer (defined by means of {\strike\ul LEGOCAD_USER}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_lg_usr_dir')} environment variable):
\par \bullet .\tab the development root directory path name;
\par \bullet \tab the path of process modules library
\par \bullet \tab the path of control modules library 
\par If a directory needed for libraries doesn't exist, its path name is followed by the label: {\i Not Defined} (red coloured); if the directory exists but the library is not found, the label is: {\i Not Present}
 (red coloured); if the library exists but recompilation of new modules (created or copied) is needed, the label is {\i Not Compiled}.
\par Correct environment creation (directories needed), libraries creation or copy are provided using librarian utility.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_mw_cos}{\b truction}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} Layout;LEGOCAD main window}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $}
 Main window of LEGOCAD : model costruction area}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:220}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !}
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD main window layout: model construction area
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par Model construction is the outcome of several subsequent steps which are activated by two kinds of push buttons.
\par 1)\tab "Activity push buttons"
\par they are inserted in specific icons representing steps in model development:
\par 2)\tab "Link arrows buttons"
\par 
\par Type 1 buttons run some interactive edit activities required to build up model and to carry out the simulation. 
\par Type 2 buttons generate and run some executable files (lg1, lg2...) which complete the user's interactive activity, while allowing him to access to the next modelling phases. 
\par 
\par The push button of every activity has two possible colour to indicate whether execution is enabled or not (if execution is not allowed buttons are also insensitive preventing activation). The user can thus start his work from one of the activity enabled.

\par 
\par The following picture shows a logical scheme of model construction phases; most important files produced (or used) during model development are also shown. From the file {\strike\ul f01.dat}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_F01')}
 that contains topological data, through the creation of a switch fortran file (ltm.f) is obtained a data and variable values file ({\strike\ul f14.dat}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_F14')}
). Steady state calculation produce a f14-like file (f24.dat) containing steady state calculated values and a binary file (f04.dat) containing the same data plus topological information. F04 is used for start-up of transi
ent calculation. During transient calculation (simulation) values of some user-selected variables at each simulation step time are saved on {\strike\ul f22.dat}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_F22')} file.
\par 
\par \pard \qj {\f2 \{bmc lg_flus1.bmp\}
\par }{\f2 \{bmc lg_flus2.bmp\}
\par }{\f2 \{bmc lg_flus3.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_mw_utilities}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} Layout;LEGOCAD main window}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} Main window of LEGOCAD: utilities area}}
{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:230}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !}
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD main window layout: utilities area
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par This area of the LEGOCAD main window contains four push buttons to choose the following functions : 
\par {\b\i Librarian}{\i , }edit, view LEGO libraries.{\i 
\par }{\b\i Graphics}{\i , }display graphical trends from simulation f22 files.{\i 
\par }{\b\i H2}{\b\i O}{\i  }{\b\i Table}{\i , }look up at water steam tables via predefined functions.{\i 
\par }{\b\i Documentation} edit, view model documentation{\i 
\par }The first three functions are always enabled while documentation is enabled only if model has been loaded.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_mw_messages}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} Layout;LEGOCAD main window}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $} Main window of LEGOCAD : messages area}}
{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_help:240}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !} ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp
',`lgc_summary')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }LEGOCAD main window layout: messages area
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\tx1276 This area of the LEGOCAD main window is available for output messages
 such as logging during link arrow buttons activities. Problems in LEGO modules or incorrect environment may cause errors during these activities that are reported in the messages window.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_h2o_calculate}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} How;H2O property;;h20 tables}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $}
 H2O tables : how to calculate water steam property}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_H2O:010}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 !}
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_H2O_tables')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }H2O TABLES: calculate water steam property
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 
\par When the tables are activated the following pre-defined functions are available:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1013\cellx3236\cellx4852\cellx6512\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b Function\cell }{\b \cell }{\b Output m.u.\cell }{\b Input m.u.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\b\fs20 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1013\cellx3236\cellx4852\cellx6512\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\fs32 \cell }{\fs32 \cell }{\fs32 \cell }{\fs32 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 T(P,S)\cell 
Temperature\cell ^C\cell bar   KJ/Kg/^C\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 S(P,H)\cell Entropy\cell KJ/Kg/^C\cell bar   KJ/Kg\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain 
\s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 H(P,T,Y)\cell Entalpy\cell KJ/Kg\cell bar   ^C\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 CP(P,T,Y)\cell Specific heat capacity\cell KJ/Kg/^C\cell bar   ^C\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 R0* R0**\cell Density of water 
\par and saturated steam\cell Kg/m3\cell bar\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 T(P,H)\cell Temperature\cell ^C\cell bar   KJ/Kg\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain 
\s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 S(P,T,Y)\cell Entropy\cell KJ/Kg/^C\cell bar   ^C\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 R0(P,H)\cell \cell Kg/m3\cell bar   KJ/Kg\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 
{\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 H* H**\cell Entalpy of water 
\par and saturated steam\cell KJ/Kg\cell bar\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Y(P,H)\cell Steam ratio\cell \cell bar   KJ/Kg\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain 
\s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 TSAT(P)\cell Temperature\cell ^C\cell bar\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 H(P,S)\cell Entalpy\cell KJ/Kg\cell bar   KJ/Kg/^C\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 R0(P,T,Y)\cell Density\cell Kg/m3\cell bar   ^C\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1013\cellx3236\cellx4852\cellx6512\pard\plain 
\s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 S* S**\cell Entropy of water 
\par and saturated steam\cell KJ/Kg/^C\cell bar\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 
\par Every function can be activate clicking on its push buttons; below will appear the input and output areas with their text fields for the input and output values. Every text field has a label with the unit of measurements. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f4\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f4\fs20\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\b\up16 #}{\b  lgc_h2o_ly}}}{\plain 
\b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 K} Layout;H2O tables page;h20 tables}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 $}
 H2O tables : how to calculate the water steam property}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up16 +} Lg_H2O:020}}{\plain \b\f4\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s32\qj\fi284 \f4\lang2057 {\up6 
!} ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_H2O_tables')")}}{\plain \b\f4\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }H2O TABLES layout: tables page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 \f4\lang2057 
\par The page displays a pulldown menu to use the tables. The area under the pulldown menu is available for the use of the tables functions. 
\par Tables page's pulldown menu :
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx984\cellx6412\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx984\cellx6412\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Quit\cell 
Exits from the tables\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b Select\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 H2O\cell 
Selects the H2O tables and shows the usable functions\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b History\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Show\cell 
Shows a window displaying the previous operations performed and values calculated using tables\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx984\cellx6412\pard\plain \s29\qj\intbl \f4\fs20\lang2057 Clear\cell Clears the histo
ry window \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f4\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par If H20 Select's pulldown menu is chosen, LEGOCAD displays fifteen option buttons, one for every function available. 
\par 
\par The area below the push buttons is reserved for the input and the output of the functions. 
\par 
\par }