{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\fmodern Courier;}{\f6\froman MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f8\froman Times;}{\f9\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f10\fswiss System;}{\f11\fmodern Courier New;}{\f12\froman CG Times;}{\f13\fswiss Univers;}{\f14\fnil Wingdings;}{\f15\fnil Fences;}{\f16\fnil MT Extra;}{\f17\fmodern MS LineDraw;}{\f18\fdecor Algerian;}
{\f19\fswiss Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f20\froman Bookman Old Style;}{\f21\fdecor Braggadocio;}{\f22\fswiss Britannic Bold;}{\f23\fscript Brush Script MT;}{\f24\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f25\fdecor Colonna MT;}{\f26\fdecor Desdemona;}
{\f27\froman Footlight MT Light;}{\f28\fswiss Impact;}{\f29\fdecor Kino MT;}{\f30\froman Wide Latin;}{\f31\fscript Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f32\fdecor Playbill;}{\f33\fmodern LinePrinter;}{\f34\fswiss MS Dialog;}{\f35\fnil Small Fonts;}
{\f36\froman ijoijoi;}{\f37\fswiss J.Soft logo;}{\f38\froman Roman;}{\f39\fscript Script;}{\f40\fmodern Modern;}{\f41\fswiss Arial Narrow;}{\f42\fdecor ZapfDingbats;}{\f43\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f44\fswiss Univers (WN);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{
\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{\s242\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 \f2\fs16\up6\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{
\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \f2\fs20\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\qj\fi284\li354 
\f2\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\qj\fi284\li2835 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 rientro1;}{\s3\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon2\snext3 rientro2;}{\s4\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext4 rientro des;}{\s5\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon2\snext5 rientro3;}{\s6\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext6 campoalftab;}{\s7\qr\fi284 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon6\snext7 camponum;}{\s8\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon2\snext8 risposta;}{\s9\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f2\fs48\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext9 tit1pub;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext10 subtitpub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 
\b\f2\fs32\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext11 subsubtitpub;}{\s12\qr\fi284\keepn \b\i\f2\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext12 attenzione;}{\s13\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext13 intestit1des;}{\s14\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 
\b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1sin;}{\s15\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon14\snext15 intestit2sin;}{\s16\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon13\snext16 intestit2des;}{\s17\qj\fi284 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 normale rientro0;}{\s18\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext18 col.1 for1;}{\s19\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext19 normale no rientro;}{\s20\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 norm;}{
\s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \snext21 /intes barra;}{\s22\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext22 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon19\snext23 pie pag barra;}{\s24\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext24 var=2;}{\s25\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon24\snext25 var=3;}{\s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext26 endnote text;}{\s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext27 Intermedio;}{\s28\qj \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext28 Tabella;}{\s29\qr\sb3840\sa240\keepn\brdrt\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20 \b\f2\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext30 TitoloPrincipale;}{\s30\qr\sa960\keepn \b\f2\fs32\lang1040 
\sbasedon29\snext31 SottoTitolo;}{\s31\qr\sb960\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext0 ACuraDi;}{\s32\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext32 NomeDitta;}{\s33\sb1440\sa720\keepn \b\f2\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon31\snext33 TitoloSom;}{
\s34\fi-360\li2160\sb60\sa120\tx3600 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext34 Lista;}{\s35\sb60\sa60 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext35 TestoTabella;}{\s36\qj \f44\fs22\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext36 PARA1;}{\s37\qj\li426 \f44\fs22\lang2057 
\sbasedon36\snext37 PARA2;}{\s38\qj\li851 \f44\fs22\lang2057 \sbasedon37\snext38 PARA3;}{\s39\qj\li1276 \f44\fs22\lang2057 \sbasedon38\snext39 PARA4;}{\s40\qj\li1701 \f44\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon39\snext40 PARA5;}{\s41\qj\li2127 \f44\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon40\snext41 PARA6;}{\s42\qj\li2552 \f44\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon41\snext42 PARA7;}{\s43\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext43 testo nota di chiusura;}{\s44\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon19\snext22 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s45\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext45 pie pag barra;}{\s46\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext44 pie pag disp con barra;}{
\s47\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext47 pie pag barra;}}{\info{\title lg_simulatore}{\subject File Unificato Documentazione/Iperhelp}
{\doccomm Tutto quanto riguarda la fase di trainsient calculation, la simulazione della singola task.}{\creatim\yr1995\mo4\dy7\hr16\min15}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy19\hr13\min39}{\printim\yr1995\mo5\dy19\hr13\min23}{\version33}{\edmins237}{\nofpages0}
{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16415}}\paperw11901\paperh16834\margl1134\margr1134\margt1701\margb1701\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \binfsxn1\binsxn1\pgnrestart\linex0\headery1088\footery918\colsx709 {\header \pard\plain \qr\fi284\ri-6 
\f2\lang2057 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b styleref}{\b  "titolo 1"}}{\fldrslt {\b #K$+! Simulation: define perturbation}}}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LEGOCAD  HELP on line\tab \tab \tab 
\par \pard\plain \s19\qc\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 {\b s.d.i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_simulation}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K Activity;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 
\f2\lang2057 $ Activity : Simulation}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_help:090}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057 
 IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`sim_summary}{\plain \f2\lang2057 ')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')')")}}} SIMULATION ACTIVITY
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The simulation activity allows the user to manage the models under exam interactively through net_monit process. 
\par Although net_monit allows the simulation of many models simultaneously - its typical use -, some applications may use net_monit with one task only. LEGOCAD for example, tests exclusively the model being developed. The following description is generally re
ferred to the typical use of net_monit. 
\par The models can be synchronised according to absolute time and simulated in real, accelerated and delayed time (the simulation speed can be varied at any time). Besides starting and stopping the simul
ation, the simulator can freeze or awaken it as well as perform a snapshot (saving information allowing the user to continue a simulation from the stage previously reached) and obtain information on the simulation development (CPU charge, simulation time,
 accrued delay, etc.). 
\par Automatic start-up of the simulator follows the activation of the net_monit process. An interactive window will appear to carry out the simulation. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 HOW TO
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b 1}  {\strike Use net_monit}{\v lgc_sm_net_monit}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Set archived variables}{\v lgc_sm_archiv}{\v ed}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Start-up the simulation}{\v lgc_sm_startup}
\par {\b 4}  {\strike Configure parameter after start-up}{\v lgc_sm_parameter}
\par {\b 5}  {\strike Define perturbation}{\v lgc_sm_perturbation}
\par 
\par \pard \qc\fi284\ri-6 {\b\i\fs36 SIMULATION WINDOWS LAYOUT}{\fs36 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1}  {\strike Net_monit main window layout}{\v lgc_sm_mw_pg_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Time scaling dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_tscaling_pg_ly}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Continuos recording dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_crecording_pg_ly}
\par {\b 4}  {\strike Archived variables dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_archived_pg_ly}
\par {\b 5}  {\strike Snapshot dialog windows}{\v lgc_sm_snap_pg_ly}
\par {\b 6}  {\strike Statistic dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_statistic_pg_ly}
\par {\b 7}  {\strike XAING page layout}{\v lgc_s}{\v m_xaing_pg_ly}
\par {\b 8}  {\strike Input perturbation dialog windows}{\v lgc_sm_input_pg_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_net_monit}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K How;use new_monit;Simulation}${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : how to use net_monit}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:000}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain 
\f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057  }Simulation: use net_monit
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The researcher can manage the simulation through the net_monit requiring the following steps: basic parameter sets, simulation start-up, configuration during the simulation, perturbation dispatch. By operating through the net_monit described above the use
r will set different simulation states as it is shown in the following figure.
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_stat.bmp\}
\par }
\par {\b Meaning of the simulator status}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qj\tx5482 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\lang2057 STOP
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Sta}{\plain \f2\lang2057 tus before initializing.
\par }{\plain \b\f2\lang2057 FREEZE
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Status of simulation block.
\par }{\plain \b\f2\lang2057 RUN
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Status of full dynamic simulation.
\par }{\plain \b\f2\lang2057 REPLAY
\par }\pard \s28\qj {\plain \f2\lang2057 Status which allows to load snapshot and  the repetition of the related simulation.
\par }\pard \s28\qj\tx5482 {\plain \b\f2\lang2057 BACKTRACK
\par }\pard \s28\qj {\plain \f2\lang2057 Status which allows the automatic or manual loading of a snapshot saved periodically and automatically by the simulator.
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
\par Information on net_monit layout is available in:
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1}  {\strike Net_monit main window layout}{\v lgc_sm_mw_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_archived}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K How;archived variables;Simulation}${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : how to set the archived variables}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:010}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 
{\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`sim}{\plain \f2\lang2057 uhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation: set archived variables
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Only before the start-up of the simulation the user will have to choose the number and the set of variables to be saved periodically in the archive file ({\strike\ul f22 file}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`}{\v\ul lgc_gl_F22}{\v ')}
). Also archive frequency can be defined by the user as a multiple (or equal) of the time step of simulation. The graphics activity will allow to display trends to be saved . 
\par The user can perform these selection by pressing Configure continuos recording on the Configure's pulldown menu and by working on the displayed page. 
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information on this page layout is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b 1}  {\strike Archived variables dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_archived_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_startup}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K How;start-up simulation;Simulation}${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : how to start-up}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:020}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 
!}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation: start-up simulation
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The user can start the simulations by pressing Initialize on Control's pulldown menu. After the initializing step, net_monit will display FREEZE in a yellow label and the simulator will be frozen. Start-up must follow the set of archived variables. 

\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information about net_monit pulldown menu and archived variables page layout is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b 1}  {\strike Net_monit main window la}{\strike yout}{\v lgc_sm_mw_pg_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Archived variables dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_archived_pg_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_parameter}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K How;start-up (after) configure;Simulation}${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : how to configure parameter after start-up}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:030}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(I}{\plain \f2\lang2057 sMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation: configure after start-up
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The user can manage the simulation through net_monit by modifying some parameters and introducing perturbation during the simulation either in freeze or in the run status. 
\par Through the Configure's pulldown menu the user can change the simulation speed and maximum simulation time; change the frequency of data saving in archive; change the task integration step to select the best on
e. It is also possible to change the simulation state (Control's pulldown menu), to display CPU charge time (Statistic's pulldown menu), to saves, load or delete snapshots. Net_monit also allows step-by-step calculation. All these operations are available
 through a number of displayed dialog windows. 
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information about all the above windows layout is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b 1}  {\strike Net_monit main window layout}{\v lgc_sm_mw_pg_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Time scaling dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_tscaling_pg_ly}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Continuos recording dialog window}{\v lgc}{\v _sm_crecording_pg_ly}
\par {\b 4}  {\strike Snapshot dialog windows}{\v lgc_sm_snap_pg_ly}
\par {\b 5}  {\strike Statistic dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_statistic_pg_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_perturbation}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K How;perturbation;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : how to insert interactive perturbation}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:040}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation: define perturbation
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The user can test the model in use by supplying perturbations such as step, pulse, ramp, delay to the input variables. This operation is made through XAING process which is activated by clicking "Aing" on the Input's pulldown menu. Furthermore the user ca
n monitor the inputs by clicking "Edit input" and "Statistic" on the Input's pulldown menu. 
\par XAING displays a variable selection window named "Input" where the user can {\strike\ul select the inputs}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_gph_select')}
 to perturb. After selection a window is displayed to insert the perturbation. XAING can manage simultaneously ten independent windows. 
\par 
\par {\b Available perturbation
\par }
\par The perturbation sent is selected from an option menu which offers three choices:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx408\cellx5400\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\lang2057 1\cell }{\plain \b\f2\lang2057 NORMAL:}{\plain \f2\lang2057 with this selection three kinds of perturbation are available:
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 STEP}{\plain \f2\lang2057 : through a }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 Target}{\plain \f2\lang2057  text field (value) and a Star}{\plain \f2\lang2057 t push button.
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 PULSE}{\plain \f2\lang2057 : through a }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 Target}{\plain \f2\lang2057  (value) and }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 Wise}{\plain \f2\lang2057  (duration) text fields and the Start, Stop push buttons.
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 RAMP}{\plain \f2\lang2057 : through a Target (value) and duration modality text fields and the Start, Stop push buttons. The second text field depends on the made choice on the option menu; i.e.  available modality are }{\plain 
\i\f2\lang2057 Grad}{\plain \f2\lang2057  (value increment for every sec.) }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 Time}{\plain \f2\lang2057  (simulation time) }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 Delta}{\plain \f2\lang2057  (the time necessary to reach the target value)\cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_per1.bmp\}
\par }
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\lang2057 2\cell }{\plain \b\f2\lang2057 PERIODIC:}{\plain \f2\lang2057  with this selection some text fields are ava}{\plain \f2\lang2057 
ilable to introduce the characteristic of a periodic perturbation. 
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Below the }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 General}{\plain \f2\lang2057  label the Period, Mean Value, Wide and Phase text fields are displayed.
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Below the }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 Sinusoidal}{\plain \f2\lang2057  label two push buttons to Start and Stop a sinusoidal perturbation are displayed. 
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 Below the }{\plain \i\f2\lang2057 Trapezoidal }{\plain \f2\lang2057 label there are three text fields (T1, T2, T3) and the Start, Stop push buttons. An example is shown in the figure below.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row 
\pard \qj\fi284 
\par \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\lang2057 3\cell }{\plain \b\f2\lang2057 NOISE:}{\plain \f2\lang2057  by this selection will define a white noise filling Variance and Mean Value text fields.}{\plain \f2\lang2057 
 Start and Stop push buttons are also available.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_pert.bmp\}
\par }
\par The user can also assign a delay by choosing between two input modalities: {\i Delay} and {\i Start at}. The first modality asks the duration of the delay and the second one the absolute time necessary to activate the perturbation. 
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_dlay.bmp\}
\par }
\par 
\par By clicking on the window with the first mouse button a Quit pop up menu to close the window will appear.
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information on the page layout is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1}  {\strike Net_monit main window lay}{\strike out}{\v lgc_sm_mw_pg_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike XAING page layout}{\v lgc_sm_xaing_pg_ly}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Input perturbation dialog windows}{\v lgc_sm_input_pg_ly}
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568\tx-142 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_mw_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;net_monit;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : layout of net_monit window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:200}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation layout: net_monit main window
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Net_monit displays an interactive window featuring a pulldown menu to choose any operative actions and to display the simulation state on a panel (red at first with the STOP label) 
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc nmonit.bmp\}
\par }
\par The pulldown menu has the following options:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3105\cellx7921\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Control\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3105\cellx7921\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Initialize
\cell Initializes the simulator\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Run\cell Starts the simulation, must follow initialition\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 Freeze\cell Freezes the simulation\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Backtrack\cell Sets the backtrack modality\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 Replay\cell Sets the replay modality\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Clear\cell Clears continuos recording, backtrack and snapshot the file\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Stop\cell Stops both the task and net_monit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Quit\cell Stops net_monit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Configure\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Time scaling\cell Chooses the simulation speed (1.0 by default) \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Set max simulation time\cell Sets a fixed time for the simulation and freezes the simulation at the end\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Step scaling\cell 
Integration step multiplier (1.0 by default)\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Step continuos recording\cell Sets the continuos recording\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Configure continuous recording\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    By selection\cell Selects the f22 recording variables\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    All variables\cell Selects all variables for f22 recording\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Initial conditions\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Load initial conditions\cell Selections of a snapshot\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Save initial conditions\cell 
Saves actual data like snapshot\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Edit initial conditions\cell Modifies initial conditions\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Statistic\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Statistic\cell Displays the task induced CPU charge\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Input\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Aing\cell Selections of variables perturbation\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
Staz\cell Selections of command station\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Edit input\cell Shows and modifies perturbations\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 Statistic\cell Shows and modifies perturbations\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Step\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
Step\cell Manages the simulation step-by-steps \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b About\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3105\cellx7921\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 About\cell Shows net_monit about\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Before starting the simulator, only the Control/Initialize, Control/Quit and Configure/Configure continuos recording options are available with net_monit. The others are available only after pressing Initialize Control's pulldown menu. 
\par The red panel bearing the STOP label will become yellow and will contain the FREEZE label at the end of initializing. 
\par 
\par {\b Meaning of the text field displayed}
\par 
\par {\b Real Time
\par }contains the clock time. This time is related to the simulation speed.
\par {\b Simulation Speed}
\par contains the speed value given by a ratio to the real time.
\par {\b Number var C.R.}
\par contains the number of archived variables.
\par {\b Step C.R.}
\par contains data recording interval.
\par {\b Simulation Time}
\par contains the effective time of the simulation.
\par {\b Delay time}
\par contains the time resulting from the difference between real and simulation time.
\par {\b Simulation time/MB}
\par contains a number indicating the time necessary to fill a disk MB. 
\par {\b Free disk space (MB)
\par }contains the free disk space.
\par 
\par By, using the options in the pulldown menu, the user will display many other dialog windows; more details are available in:
\par 
\par {\b 1}  {\strike Time scaling dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_tscaling_pg_ly}
\par {\b 2}  {\strike Continuos recording dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_crecording_pg_ly}
\par {\b 3}  {\strike Archived variables dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_archived_pg_ly}
\par {\b 4}  {\strike Snapshot d}{\strike ialog windows}{\v lgc_sm_snap_pg_ly}
\par {\b 5}  {\strike Statistic dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_statistic_pg_ly}
\par {\b 6}  {\strike XAING page layout}{\v lgc_sm_xaing_pg_ly}
\par {\b 7}  {\strike Input perturbation dialog windows}{\v lgc_sm_input_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_tscaling_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;time scaling window;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : layout of time scaling dialog window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:210}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation layout: time scaling window
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par This window is displayed by pressing "Time scaling" on the Configure's pulldown menu.
\par {\b Configure|Time scaling }- :allows the insertion of a new the simulation speed (1.0 by default). 
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_tsca.bmp\}
\par }
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_crecording_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;continous recording window;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : layout of continous recording dialog window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:220}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation layout: continuos recording window
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par This window is displayed by pressing "Step continous recording" on the Configure's pulldown menu.
\par {\b Configure|Step continuous recording} - allows to insert the time interval for data recording. 1 is the default values displayed in net_monit main window in the {\i Step C.R.} box; it means that data recording will occur at every simulation step.

\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_conf.bmp\}
\par }
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_archived_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;archived variables window;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : layout of archived variables dialog window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:230}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(}{\plain \f2\lang2057 `button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation layout: archived variables window
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par This window is displayed by pressing "Configure continuos recording" on Configure's pulldown menu.
\par {\b Configure|Conf}{\b igure continuous recording}. allows the selection of the f22.dat stored variables. 
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_varw.bmp\}
\par }
\par In this window two lists with selected and available variables for the configuration saved are displayed . It is possible to load the configuration, to search for a variable by the name ({\strike\ul find area}{\v\ul !}{\v 
PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_find')}) and to move a group of variables between the lists by using the past/cut arrow buttons after selecting them. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_snap_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;snapshot windows;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : layout of snapshot dialog windows}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:240}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation layout: snapshot windows
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The researc
her, with the snapshot, can display three kinds of windows either to load, to save or delete a snapshot. These windows are displayed by pressing "Load initial condition", "Save initial condition", "Edit initial condition" on the Initial condition's pulldo
wn menu.
\par 
\par {\b Initial conditions|Load initial conditions }-allows the selection of the starting data set on a list of saved snapshots.
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_lsna.bmp\}
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b Initial conditions|Save initial conditions }-allows the saving of the current data (snapshot). Snapshot is identified by a name given by user.
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_ssna.bmp\}
\par }
\par {\b Initial conditions|Edit initial conditions }-allows the deletion of a snapshot.
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_esca.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\ri1043\tx720\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_statistic_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;statistic window;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : layout of statistic dialog windows}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:250}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`}{\plain \f2\lang2057 button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation layout: statistic window
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par This window is displayed by pressing "Statistic" on the Statistic's pulldown menu.
\par {\b Statistics|Statistics }-Shows the CPU time. 
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_cpu.bmp\}
\par }
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_xaing_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 K Layout;xaing;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : layout of xaing page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:260}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}
{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMark("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation layout: XAING windows
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par XAING process is activated by pressing "Aing" on the Input's pulldown menu. 
\par {\b Input|Aing \tab }-Displays a variable selection window named "Input" where the user can choose the variable to perturb. This variable must not be connected with another module.
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_aing.bmp\}
\par }
\par Once the user has selected the variable (and pressed the OK button) a new window will be displayed to define the perturbation. It is better to use this function with the simulator in FREEZE mode.
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_xain.bmp\}
\par }
\par Furthermore the user can monitor the inputs by clicking "Edit input" and "Statistic" on the Input's pulldown menu. More information about the input perturbation windows is contained in:
\par 
\par {\b 1}  {\strike Input perturbation dialog window}{\v lgc_sm_input_pg_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_sm_input_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;input window;Simulation}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Simulation : layout of input dialog windows}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_simulation:270}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  IfThenElse(IsMa}{\plain \f2\lang2057 rk("SIMUHELP"),
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`simuhelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')",
\par }{\plain \f2\lang2057 "CBB(`button_up',`JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_simulation')')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Simulation layout: input windows
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par These windows are displayed by pressing "Statistic" and "Edit input" on the Input's pulldown menu.
\par {\b Input|Statistics }\tab -Displays a window featuring the list of the already set perturbation and their state (Active/Inactive). For the inactive ones, it is displayed also the time lacking for the activation.
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_inp1.bmp\}
\par }\pard \fi284\ri1043\tx720\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx9360 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b \{bmc sim}{\b _inp2.bmp\}
\par }
\par 
\par {\b Input|Edit Input }\tab -Displays two windows: the first is the variable selection window named "Input", which is  necessary to choose the variable (see {\strike XAING windows}{\v lgc_sm_xaing_pg_ly}
) and the second is the "Edit input" window which shows the variable and the associated already set perturbation with its state. 
\par 
\par {\b \{bmc sim_inp3.bmp\}
\par }
\par 
\par }