{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\fmodern Courier;}{\f6\froman MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f8\froman Times;}{\f9\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f10\fswiss System;}{\f11\fmodern Courier New;}{\f12\froman CG Times;}{\f13\fswiss Univers;}{\f14\fnil Wingdings;}{\f15\fnil Fences;}{\f16\fnil MT Extra;}{\f17\fmodern MS LineDraw;}{\f18\fdecor Algerian;}
{\f19\fswiss Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f20\froman Bookman Old Style;}{\f21\fdecor Braggadocio;}{\f22\fswiss Britannic Bold;}{\f23\fscript Brush Script MT;}{\f24\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f25\fdecor Colonna MT;}{\f26\fdecor Desdemona;}
{\f27\froman Footlight MT Light;}{\f28\fswiss Impact;}{\f29\fdecor Kino MT;}{\f30\froman Wide Latin;}{\f31\fscript Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f32\fdecor Playbill;}{\f33\fmodern LinePrinter;}{\f34\fswiss MS Dialog;}{\f35\fnil Small Fonts;}
{\f36\froman ijoijoi;}{\f37\fswiss J.Soft logo;}{\f38\froman Roman;}{\f39\fscript Script;}{\f40\fmodern Modern;}{\f41\fswiss Arial Narrow;}{\f42\fdecor ZapfDingbats;}{\f43\fswiss Univers (WN);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{
\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{
\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{
\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{
\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{
\s242\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 \f2\fs16\up6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \f2\fs20\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\qj\fi284\li354 \f2\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{
\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\qj\fi284\li2835 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 rientro1;}{\s3\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon2\snext3 rientro2;}{\s4\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext4 rientro des;}{\s5\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon2\snext5 rientro3;}{\s6\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext6 campoalftab;}{\s7\qr\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon6\snext7 camponum;}{\s8\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon2\snext8 risposta;}{\s9\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f2\fs48\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext9 tit1pub;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext10 subtitpub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs32\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext11 subsubtitpub;}{\s12\qr\fi284\keepn 
\b\i\f2\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext12 attenzione;}{\s13\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext13 intestit1des;}{\s14\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1sin;}{
\s15\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon14\snext15 intestit2sin;}{\s16\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon13\snext16 intestit2des;}{\s17\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 normale rientro0;}{
\s18\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext18 col.1 for1;}{\s19\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext19 normale no rientro;}{\s20\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 norm;}{\s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 
\f2\fs20\lang1040 \snext21 /intes barra;}{\s22\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext22 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext23 pie pag barra;}{
\s24\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext24 var=2;}{\s25\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon24\snext25 var=3;}{\s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext26 endnote text;}{\s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext27 Intermedio;}{
\s28\qj \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext28 Tabella;}{\s29\qc \lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext29 SECTIT;}{\s30\qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568\tx568 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext30 testo nota di chiusura;}{\s31\qr\sb3840\sa240\keepn\brdrt\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20 
\b\f2\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext32 TitoloPrincipale;}{\s32\qr\sa960\keepn \b\f2\fs32\lang1040 \sbasedon31\snext33 SottoTitolo;}{\s33\qr\sb960\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext0 ACuraDi;}{\s34\keepn \b\f2\fs28\lang1040 
\sbasedon254\snext34 NomeDitta;}{\s35\sb1440\sa720\keepn \b\f2\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon33\snext35 TitoloSom;}{\s36\fi-360\li2160\sb60\sa120\tx3600 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext36 Lista;}{\s37\sb60\sa60 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext37 TestoTabella;}{
\s38\qj \f43\fs22\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext38 PARA1;}{\s39\qj\li426 \f43\fs22\lang2057 \sbasedon38\snext39 PARA2;}{\s40\qj\li851 \f43\fs22\lang2057 \sbasedon39\snext40 PARA3;}{\s41\qj\li1276 \f43\fs22\lang2057 \sbasedon40\snext41 PARA4;}{\s42\qj\li1701 
\f43\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon41\snext42 PARA5;}{\s43\qj\li2127 \f43\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon42\snext43 PARA6;}{\s44\qj\li2552 \f43\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon43\snext44 PARA7;}{\s45\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon19\snext22 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s46\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext46 pie pag barra;}{\s47\sa120 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext47 Corpo del testo;}{\s48\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext45 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s49\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon19\snext49 pie pag barra;}}{\info{\title lgc_topol}{\subject File Unificato Documentazione/Iperhelp}{\keywords Topologia}
{\doccomm Tutto quanto riguarda l'attivit\'e0 topologia}{\creatim\yr1995\mo1\dy11\hr4\min48}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy19\hr8\min13}{\printim\yr1995\mo4\dy27\hr11}{\version199}{\edmins1354}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16415}}
\paperw12242\paperh15842\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\header \pard\plain \s243\qr\fi284\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 
{\field{\*\fldinst {\b styleref}{\b  "titolo 1"}}{\fldrslt {\b ! #$k+T}{\b opology: define filters}}}{\b 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s21\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LEGOCAD  HELP on line\tab \tab \tab 
\par \pard\plain \s19\qc\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 {\b s.d.i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_topology}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 K Activity;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Activity : Topology }+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_help:050}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain 
\f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_summary')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }TOPOLOGY ACTIVITY
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par This activity constitute the first step in model building.
\par The user create or modify the model internal structure using elementary {\strike\ul modules}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_module')} from the {\strike\ul process module library}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_proc_library')}
, instantiating them in the model (instantiated modules are called {\strike\ul blocks}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_block')}).
\par Linkage between LEGO blocks are made connecting blocks' variables using the Variable Editor. 
\par During topology activity the user can instantiate new blocks, connect variables, delete blocks or connections.
\par The build up of the topologic scheme can be performed according to two modalities: Symbolic diagram (with the help of graphics) and Only by list.
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6 
\par \pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs40\lang2057 HOW TO
\par \pard\plain \qj\ri-6 \f2\lang2057 {\b 1 }{\strike Use symbolic diagram modality}{\v lgc_tp_symb_d}
\par {\b 2 }{\strike Define filters}{\v lgc_tp_filter}
\par {\b 3 }{\strike Use only by list modality}{\v lgc_tp_obl}
\par {\b 4 }{\strike Connect variables}{\v lgc_tp_variable_editor}
\par {\b 5 }{\strike Modify a model that already exists}{\v lgc_tp_modify_model}
\par {\b 6 }{\strike Instantiate new blocks}{\v lgc_tp_instantiate}
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6 
\par \pard \qc\fi284\ri-6 {\b\i\fs36 TOPOLOGY WINDOWS LAYOUT}{\fs36 
\par }\pard \qj\ri-6 {\b 1 }{\strike Diagram page's index layout}{\v lgc_tp_model_index_pg_ly} (Only symbolic diagram modality)
\par {\b 2 }{\strike Model diagr}{\strike am page layout}{\v lgc_tp_model_diag_pg_ly} (Only symbolic diagram modality)
\par {\b 3 }{\strike Topology editor layout}{\v lgc_tp_topology_editor_ly}{\strike 
\par }\pard \qj\ri-6\tx-568 {\b 4 }{\strike Variable editor page layout}{\v lgc_tp_variable_editor_pg_ly}
\par \pard \qj {\b 5} {\strike Instantiation window layout (in symb. d.)}{\v lgc_tp_symb_instant_pg_ly}
\par {\b 6} {\strike Instantiation window (in only by list)}{\v lgc_tp_list_instant_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page {\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\up6\lang2057 #}{\plain \b\f2\lang2057  lgc_tp_symb_d}}}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 K}{\plain \f2\lang2057  How;Symbolic diagram;Topology}}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 $}{\plain \f2\lang2057  Topology : how use Symbolic Diagram modality}}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 +}{\plain 
\f2\lang2057  Lg_topology:010}}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain 
\b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology: symbolic diagram
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6 In this modality the user can use a schematic representation of the plant as a worksheet for the construction/modification of the model structure. The model
 can be divided in multiple pages. The single page represents part of the model in terms of constituting blocks (shown as icons); using arrows, graphics symbols and labels the user can enhance information provided by the diagram.
\par Operations on blocks (such as blocks delete, modify description) are enabled when icons are selected. Selection can be performed in a graphical way (on the diagram page; graphic selection) or by selection in the scrolled list of blocks constituting the mo
del (on topology editor page).
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 Topology activity shows two windows; see {\strike topology editor}{\v\ul lgc_tp_topology_editor_ly} and {\strike diagram page's index}{\v\ul lgc_tp_model_diag_pg_ly}
 for their layout. Through the diagram page's index is possible to open another window, i.e. {\ul model diagram page}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_}{\v\ul model_diag_pg}{\v ')}. 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par Connection of variables is made by user selecting two blocks (icons in the diagram page or items in model blocks list on topology editor page) and then opening their {\strike variable editors}{\v lgc_tp_variable_editor}. 
\par 
\par Information on the page layout is available in:
\par 
\par {\b 1} {\strike Diagram page's index layout}{\v lgc_tp_model_index_pg_ly}
\par {\b 2} {\strike Topology editor layout}{\v lgc_tp_topology_editor_ly}
\par {\b 3} {\strike Model diagram page layout}{\v lgc_tp_model_diag_pg_ly}
\par {\b 4} {\strike Variable editor page layout}{\v lgc_tp_variable_editor_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\expnd12\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b\up6 #}{\b  lgc_tp_filter}}}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 K}{\plain \f2\lang2057  How;fil}{\plain \f2\lang2057 ters;Topology}}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 
\f2\lang2057 {\up6 $} Topology : how define filters}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 +} Lg_topology:020}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 
{\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology: define filters
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Filters are a series of strings of max. 4 char. used for selectively visualize only a group of input (or output) variables using variable editor.
\par Filter editor is activated selecting main window's pulldown menu button Option | Define Filter.
\par The user can specify a filter name (that will be used as a label in variable editor Filter option menu) and specify up to 10 filter strings. 
\par During Variable Editor filtering, are displayed only variables' names whose first {\b n} characters are equal to the {\b n}
 characters of one of the filter strings (where n is filter string's length). If you select a filter in Variable Editor's option menu input and output variables lists are updated accordingly (only variables accepted by the filter are displayed).
\par From main window's pulldown menu selection Option | Default filter the user can select which filter, from existing ones, may be applied when variable editor is called.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\expnd12\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b\up6 #}{\b  lgc_tp_obl}}}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 K}{\plain \f2\lang2057  How;Only By list;Topology}}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 $}
 Topology : how use Only By List modality }}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 +} Lg_topology:030}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain 
\f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology: only by list
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 This modality creates topology schemes without the help of graphics using only model blocks's list.
\par This modality display only the {\strike\ul topology editor page}{\v\ul lgc_tp_topology_editor}
\par The researcher can connect blocks after selecting than in the topology editor page list by opening {\strike variable e}{\strike ditors}{\v lgc_tp_variable_editor}
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568\tx-142 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Information on the page layout is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568\tx-142 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 {\b 1} {\strike Topology editor layout}{\v lgc_tp_topology_editor_ly}
\par {\b 2} {\strike Variable editor page layout}{\v lgc_tp_variable_editor_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\expnd12\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f2\fs32\up6\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b\up6 # }{\b lgc_tp_variable_editor}}}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs32\up6\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 K} How;variable editor;connect variables;Topology}}{\plain \b\f2\fs32\up6\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 $ }
Topology : how use variable Editor}}{\plain \b\f2\fs32\up6\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 +} Lg_topology:040}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain 
\f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_top}{\plain \f2\lang2057 ology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology: variable editor
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 In order to connect variables related to two blocks, two variable editor (one for each block) windows must be opened. Variable editor must be opened when the block of interest is selected.
\par 
\par Variable editor shows two lists displaying block's input and output variables. If variables are connected a lock icon is displayed near the variable name.
\par 
\par Internal variable editor option allows the user to examine the name of corresponding connected variables of the other block (View menu) displayed directly below each name of the connected variables of edited block.
\par An option menu is also available to filter variable lists (Filter option menu) accordingly with user defined filters.
\par 
\par The connection is made by dragging (with mouse button 2) an input (or output) variable of a block and dropping it on an output (or input) variable of the other block.
\par Besides, LEGOCAD prevents incorrect operations such as more than one connection for every input variable, connections of variables belonging to the same block, connections of input/input and output/output variables.
\par Not homogeneous variable connections cause a warning.
\par 
\par Deleting a connection involves the following steps:
\par 1 Select show connections option.
\par 2 Select connected variable (of the other block; displayed below edited block's variable).
\par 3 Delete connection (from Edit menu of Variable Editor)
\par 
\par Information on the page layout is available in:
\par 
\par \pard \qj\ri-6\tx-568 {\b 1 }{\strike Variable editor page layout}{\v lgc_tp_variable_editor_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_modify_model}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;modify model;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology : how to modify an existent model}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_topology:050}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology: modify a model
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 To modify an already existing model the user can work either with symbolic diagram modality or with the only by list modality.
\par If the researcher wants to work with a block it is necessary to select the block first.
\par After selection it is possible to modify or create new connections (see variable editor), to delete the block and to modify its description.
\par N.B: deletion of blocks in enabled only when no Variable Editors are opened.
\par {\strike Instantiation}{\v lgc_tp_instantiate} of a new block is always permitted.
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\expnd12\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_instantiate}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
K How;block's instantiation;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology : how to make block's instantiation}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_glossary:060}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology: block's instantiation
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par When a model has already been created the user can add new blocks in the model through instantiation.
\par To instantiate a new block two different windows related to select operating mode are displayed but the logical steps for the instantiation are the same:
\par *\tab select module from a list
\par *\tab assign {\ul block name}{\v\ul lgc_tp_block}{\v _}{\v\ul name} and description
\par If symbolic diagram modality is selected one of the icons representing the module must be dragged and dropped (with second mouse button) on the diagram page window in the desired position.
\par To complete module instantiation for some LEGO modules you are asked for additional information (an instantiation dialog box pop-ups automatically). A question and answer sequence managed directly by the LEGO module is displayed; question are displaye
d into a scrolled text widget; answer must be edited in the text field below and confirmed activating the {\b send} button.
\par The instantiation windows layout are :
\par 
\par {\b 1} {\strike Instantiation window in symbolic diagram modality}{\v lgc_tp_symb_instant_pg_ly}
\par {\b 2} {\strike Instantiation window in only by list modality}{\v lgc_tp_list_instant_pg_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_model_index_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f2\lang2057 K Layout;diagram page's index;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology : layout of diagram page's index}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_topology:070}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }
Topology layout: diagram page's index
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Besides a menu bar and a popup menu, the diagram page's index contains a further scrolled window where boxes representing diagram pages are displayed. Boxes (i.e. pages) can be selected.
\par 
\par Page's selection enables the following menu selections: open, copy, new (creation), modify, delete. In particular, the open option shows a new window displaying the icons of the instantiated blocks.
\par Diagram page's index pulldown menu :
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1724\cellx7289\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1724\cellx7289\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Save\cell 
Saves diagram page's index information\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Load icons\cell Updates icon information\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
Quit\cell Exits from the activity\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Edit\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Open\cell Opens
 for editing the diagram page selected.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 New\cell Creates a new page\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Modify\cell 
Modifies name and description of a selected page\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Delete\cell Deletes selected page (all blocks and graphical objects in the page are deleted)\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Snap\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Set Snap\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 
\cellx1724\cellx7289\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057       Snap On/Off\cell Enables or turn off the snap\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par Popup menu associated with the selected macroblock:
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1103\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Open\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1103\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 New\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Modify\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1103\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Delete\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard 
\qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 These options are the same as the Edit's in the pulldown menu.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_topology_editor_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f2\lang2057 K Layout;topology editor;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology : layout topology editor}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_topology:090}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology layout: topology editor
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 The topology editor window displays the following areas:
\par Pulldown menu area:
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1894\cellx5812\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1894\cellx5812\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Open\cell 
\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Save\cell Saves the topology\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Exit\cell Exits from the topology activity\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Edit}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 New{\b \cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057      Process Block\cell Adds a new process block\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057      Regulation Block\cell Adds a new regulation  block\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Delete\cell Deletes all selected blocks\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Variable\cell 
Shows variable editor loaded with the variables of the block currently selected.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Options\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 Set Default filter\cell Define which filter is used when a variable editor is opened\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1894\cellx5812\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Define filter\cell 
Create/modify filters\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par {\b Scrolled window area}
\par Contains the list of the model's blocks 
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\strike\ul Find area}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_find')}{\b 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par When a model is selected the following popup menu is available:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1982\cellx7291\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Edit descr\cell Allows to modify the name and description of a selected block\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1982
\cellx7291\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Delete\cell Deletes a selected block\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1982\cellx7291\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Variables\cell 
Popups the Variable Editor (editor for creating/deleting variables' connections) loaded with the block currently selected.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par A selection in this page selects the same blocks in the model diagram page.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_model_diag_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f2\lang2057 K Layout;model diagram page;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology : layout model diagram page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_topology:080}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 
!{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology layout: model diagram page

\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 Model diagram page shows a pulldown menu and a scrolled window which displayed the instantiated icons of the model. 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568\tx-142 Pulldown menu :
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2499\cellx7637\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2499\cellx7637\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Close\cell 
Closes the page\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Edit\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Variable\cell 
Shows a window with the selected block's variable \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 New Block\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
     Process Block\cell Adds a new process block\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057      Regulation Block\cell Adds a new regulation block\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Modify\cell Modifies name or description a selected block's icons.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Delete\cell Deletes all selected blocks\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Graphics\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Add Symbol\cell Adds a graphic symbol\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Add Remark\cell Adds a remark\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Add Line\cell Adds a line\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 
\cellx2499\cellx7637\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Move\cell Moves selected object\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par The popup menu associated with the selected blocks (icons) has the same options as the Edit's in the pulldown menu.
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1303\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1303\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 New Block\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Modify\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1303\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Delete\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\fs20 \row }\pard 
\qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par Selection in this page selects the same block in the topology editor window. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\expnd12\lang2057 \page }{\plain \b\f2\fs32\up6\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b\up6 #}{\b  lgc_tp_variable_editor_pg_ly}}}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs32\up6\lang2057 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 K} Layout;Variable Editor;Topology}}{\plain \b\f2\fs32\up6\lang2057 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 $} Topology : layout variable editor}}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs32\up6\lang2057 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\up6 +} Lg_topology:100}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057 
 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology layout: variable editor
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 The variable editor page has the following areas :
\par Pulldown menu area:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2359\cellx6845\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2359\cellx6845\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Load\cell 
Loads a new block in variable editor; input and output variable lists are updated with variables belonging to block loaded.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Close\cell Closes the variable editor\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Edit\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Show connection\cell 
Shows the connections of the selected variable (i.e. the names of the external variables which are connected with the current block)\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Delete connection\cell 
Deletes variable connection (the external variable name belonging to the connection must be selected).\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b View\cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Show input connection\cell Shows the connections of all input variables\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Show output connection\cell 
Shows the connections of all output variables\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2359\cellx6845\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard 
\qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 
\par {\b Options menu area}
\par Contains an option menu composed by the filters defined by the user. Selecting a filter affect variable displayed in input and output lists; only variables whose names begin with one of the filter strings are displayed.
\par 
\par {\b Scrolled lists area}
\par Contains the list of input and output variables. Lists are enabled for drag and drop between different variable editors (making a connection). When show connections option is enabled you can delete connections.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_symb_instant_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f2\lang2057 K Layout;instantation window;instantiate;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology : layout instantations window (symb. diag.)}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_topology:110}
{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }
Topology layout: instantiation window (symb.diag.)
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The window displayed has seven areas:
\par 
\par {\b Title area} :
\par "new block creation"
\par 
\par {\b Scrolled window area}
\par Contains the list of the available modules, the number of available associated icons and module's description
\par 
\par {\b Selection area}
\par Contains an input text for the module name search and two arrow buttons for the direction of the search in the scrolled window
\par 
\par {\b Window area}
\par Contains the icons associated with the module currentl
y selected; from this window you can select (second mouse button) one of the icons and drag and drop it on the diagram page window. In this way an instantiation of the module is made (for some LEGO modules instantiation dialog follows
 for completing instantiation).
\par {\b N.B.} instantiation is made only if you have specified in the input text area a not already used block name.
\par 
\par {\b Input text area}
\par featuring two input texts for name and description of the new block
\par 
\par {\b Confirmation push button area} 
\par Contains approval and cancel push buttons 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_list_instant_pg_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;instantation window;instantiate;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology : layout instantations window (only by list)}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_topology:120}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }
Topology layout: instantiation window (o.b.l.)
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The window displayed has five areas:
\par 
\par {\b Scrolled window area}
\par featuring the list of available modules
\par 
\par {\b Input text area: Block name}
\par \pard \qj\li284 Insert here new block name (more correct Block Identifier). The block identifier is composed by four characters, and is used for the specification of the full block name that consist of two parts:
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568\tx568 1) Module name (first four characters, fixed)
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 2) Block identifier (second four characters, assigned by the user)
\par The block identifier must not been already used is the current model in editing.{\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 
\par {\b Input text area}
\par for the new block description 
\par 
\par {\b Input text area}
\par for the name of the module that has to be searched for in the scrolled window.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_block_name}}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 K block name costruction;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology info : costruction of block name}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
+ Lg_topology:900}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain 
\b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }Topology: block name
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568\tx568 \f2\lang2057 The block name consists of two parts :
\par 1) Module name (first four characters, fixed)
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 2) Block identifier (second four characters, assigned by the user)
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx-568 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lgc_tp_topology_editor}}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 K topology editor;Topology}${\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Topology info : topology editor page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lg_topology:910}{\plain 
\b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legohelp.hlp',`lgc_topology')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\expnd12\up18\lang2057  }
Topology: topology editor page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 Contains the list of model's blocks in a scrolled window and a "{\strike\ul Find area}{\v\ul !}{\v PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`lgc_gl_find')}". A pulldown menu is provided for editing operations on selected blocks.
\par 
\par }