{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f3\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f4\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f5\froman Times New Roman;}{\f6\fswiss Arial;}
{\f7\fnil Theodoric;}{\f8\fswiss ZurichCalligraphic;}{\f9\fnil TNG Monitors;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{
\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f6\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 
\f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 
\f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{\s242\ri-6\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx-568\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9000\tx10773 \b\f2\fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext242 footer;}{
\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 \f6\fs16\up6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 
\i\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \fs20\ul\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\qj\fi284\li354 \ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 
\f6\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 testo nota di chiusura;}{\s3\qj\fi284\li2835 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext3 rientro1;}{\s4\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext4 rientro2;}{
\s5\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext5 rientro des;}{\s6\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext6 rientro3;}{\s7\fi284 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext7 campoalftab;}{\s8\qr\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\sbasedon7\snext8 camponum;}{\s9\qj\fi284\keepn \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext9 risposta;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f6\fs48\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext10 tit1pub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 \b\f6\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext11 subtitpub;}{\s12\qc\fi284 \b\f6\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext12 subsubtitpub;}{\s13\qr\fi284\keepn \b\i\f6\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext13 attenzione;}{\s14\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f6\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1des;}{\s15\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f6\lang2057 
\sbasedon243\snext15 intestit1sin;}{\s16\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f6\lang2057 \sbasedon15\snext16 intestit2sin;}{\s17\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f6\lang2057 \sbasedon14\snext17 intestit2des;}{\s18\qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext18 normale rientro0;}{\s19\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f6\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext19 col.1 for1;}{\s20\qj\fi284\keepn \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 normale no rientro;}{\s21\qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext21 norm;}{\s22\qj\keepn
\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \snext22 /intes barra;}{\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext23 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s24\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f6\lang2057 
\sbasedon20\snext24 pie pag barra;}{\s25\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext25 var=2;}{\s26\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon25\snext26 var=3;}{\s27\qc \b\i\f6\fs36\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext27 Intermedio;}{\s28\qj \f6\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext28 Tabella;}{\s29\qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext29 endnote text;}{\s30\qj\fi284\li1440\sb60\sa60 \lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext30 RelSdi;}{\s31\qr\ri-6\sb3840\sa240\brdrt\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20 \tx-568\tx10773 \b\f6\fs60\lang1040 
\sbasedon254\snext32 TitoloPrincipale;}{\s32\qr\ri-6\sa960\tx-568\tx10773 \b\f6\fs32\lang1040 \sbasedon31\snext33 SottoTitolo;}{\s33\qr\ri-6\sb960\tx-568\tx10773 \b\f6\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext0 ACuraDi;}{\s34\ri-6\tx-568\tx10773 
\b\f6\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext34 NomeDitta;}{\s35\ri-6\sb1440\sa720\tx-568\tx10773 \b\f6\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon33\snext35 TitoloSom;}{\s36\fi-360\li2160\sb60\sa120\tx3600 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext36 Lista;}{\s37\sb60\sa60 \fs20\lang1040 
\sbasedon0\snext37 TestoTabella;}{\s38\qj\fi-283\li2880\sb60\sa60\tx284\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920 \lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext38 PuntiSdi;}}{\info{\title LEGOMMI HELP}
{\subject File Unificato Documentazione Iperhelp}{\doccomm Main per LMMIHELP}{\creatim\yr1995\mo2\dy24\hr12\min14}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy18\hr16\min26}{\printim\yr1995\mo5\dy18\hr13\min52}{\version324}{\edmins3929}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}
{\nofchars65536}{\vern16415}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1080\margb1080\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \binfsxn32256\binsxn32256\linex0\headery505\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\footer \pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt
\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LMMIHELP HELP on line\tab \tab \tab {\field{\*\fldinst page}{\fldrslt 6}}
\par \pard\plain \s20\qc\fi284\keepn \f6\lang2057 {\b s.d.i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_}}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 K Active objects;LEGOMMI}$
{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ LEGOMMI : how to use active objects}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_help:040}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !}  {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')")}}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057  }{\f2 LEGOMMI: active objects
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par Active objects are a collection of graphics objects which have a pre-established  dynamic behav
iour. These objects can be used inside a synoptic page or included in active objects libraries. Starting from a series of basic objects contained in the "std.lib" library the user can personalize objects setting their resources (Resource Editor) or he can
 create new composite object by using the Composite container and instantiating inside it desired simple objects.
\par In the following "how to use" topics basic objects are grouped depending on their characteristic.
\par \pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f6\fs36\lang2057 HOW TO USE{\plain \b\f6\fs36\lang2057 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b 1\tab }{\strike Object resources}{\v lmi_aob_resou}{\v rces}{\strike 
\par }{\b 2\tab }{\strike Object handling}{\v lmi_aob_manipulation}{\strike 
\par }{\b 3\tab }{\strike Object behaviour during animation}{\v lmi_aob_anim}{\strike 
\par }{\b 4\tab }{\strike Animated icon}{\v lmi_aob_icon}{\strike 
\par }{\b 5\tab }{\strike Dedicated buttons}{\v lmi_aob_button}
\par {\b 6\tab }{\strike Composite}{\v lmi_aob_station}{\strike 
\par }{\b 7\tab }{\strike Change page}{\v lmi_aob_selector}
\par {\b 8\tab }{\strike Graphic display}{\v lmi_aob_display}{\strike 
\par }{\b 9\tab }{\strike Led}{\v lmi_aob_led}
\par {\b 10\tab }{\strike Set value}{\v lmi_aob_setvalue}
\par {\b 11\tab }{\strike Bitmap}{\v lmi_aob_bitmap}
\par {\b 12\tab }{\strike Indicator}{\v lmi_aob_indicator}
\par {\b 13\tab }{\strike Label}{\v lmi_aob_label}
\par {\b\i\f5 14\tab }{\i\strike\f5 Iconreg}{\v\f5 lmi_aob_iconreg}{\i\f5  
\par }{\b\i\f5 15\tab }{\i\strike\f5 Port}{\i\v\f5 lmi_aob_port}{\b\i\f5  }{\i\f5  
\par }{\b\i\f5 16\tab }{\i\strike\f5 Dispreg}{\i\v\f5 lmi_aob_dispreg}{\b\i\f5  }{\i\f5  
\par }
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f6\fs36\lang2057 LAYOUT & RESOURCES
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b 1\tab }{\strike The Geometric resources}{\v lmi_a}{\v ob_geom_res_ly}
\par {\b 2\tab }{\strike Animated icon layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_icon_ly}
\par {\b 3\tab }{\strike Button layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_button_ly}
\par {\b 4\tab }{\strike Composite layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_station_ly}
\par {\b 5\tab }{\strike Change page layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_selector_ly}
\par {\b 6\tab }{\strike Graphic display layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_display_ly}
\par {\b 7\tab }{\strike Led layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_led_ly}
\par {\b 8\tab }{\strike Set value layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_setvalue_ly}
\par {\b 9\tab }{\strike Bitmap layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_bitmap_ly}
\par {\b 10\tab }{\strike Indicator layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_indicator_ly}
\par {\b 11\tab }{\strike Label layout and resources}{\v lmi}{\v _aob_label_ly}
\par {\b\i\f5 12\tab }{\i\strike\f5 Iconreg layout and resources}{\i\v\f5 lmi_aob_iconreg_ly}{\i\f5 
\par }{\b\i\f5 13\tab }{\i\strike\f5 Port layout and resources}{\i\v\f5 lmi_aob_port_ly}{\i\f5 
\par }{\b\i\f5 14\tab }{\i\strike\f5 Dispreg layout and resources}{\i\v\f5 lmi_aob_dispreg_ly}{\i\f5 
\par }{\b 15\tab }{\strike\f2 List of FileComponent.edf}{\v lmi_aob_component_ly}
\par {\b 16\tab }{\strike\f2 List of FileSubsystem.edf}{\v lmi_aob_subsystem_ly}
\par {\b 17\tab }{\strike\f2 List of FileDefVarCC.edf}{\v lmi_aob_defvarcc_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_resources}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;resources;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use the object resources}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:000}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects: object resources
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par During the configuration stage the user configures graphic objects by using the {\strike Resource Editor}{\v lmi_con_resource_ed}. By resource we mean every parameter of the object which can be manipulated (personalized) by the user. 
\par Every object has "Specific" resources (typical of the object) as well as other standard resources called "Geometric" that define all geometrical characteristics and some colors. 
\par The complete list of resources classes is:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2397\cellx6427\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Class of resources\cell }{\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Resources contents\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2397\cellx6427\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f6\lang2057 Geometric\cell }{\plain \f6\lang2057 geometrical (position, orientation)\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f6\lang2057 Specific\cell }{\plain \f6\lang2057 specific for objects\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f6\lang2057 Color attributes\cell }{\plain \f6\lang2057 
color of the object\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f6\lang2057 Color change var. 1\cell }{\plain \f6\lang2057 color change set and linked variable name}{\plain \f6\lang2057  for variable 1
\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f6\lang2057 Color change var. 2\cell }{\plain \f6\lang2057 color change set and linked variable name for variable 2\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 
\row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f6\lang2057 Color change var. 3\cell }{\plain \f6\lang2057 color change set and linked variable name for variable 3\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2397
\cellx6427\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f6\lang2057 Color change var. 4\cell }{\plain \f6\lang2057 color change set and linked variable name for variable 4\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par 
\par Information about the Geometric resources layout is available in:
\par {\b 1  }{\strike Geometric resources}{\v lmi_aob_geom_res_ly}
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_manipulation}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;object manipulation;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to manipulate the object}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:005}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButt}{\plain \f6\lang2057 onBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects: object handling
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par Page construction is completed after instantiation and a number of modifications to the active objects on the page have been performed.
\par {\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b Instantiation }
\par {\b - Instantiation. }An object is generally retrieved from a library by clicking Add Icon's pulldown menu on the available active objects library. This operation displays the chosen library and the user, after a {\strike\ul selecting}{\v\ul !}{\v 
PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`}{\v\ul lgc_gl_gph_select}{\v ')}, can retrieve an object by dragging it (with keeping the second mouse push button pressed) on a free place of the page drawing area.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b Modification
\par }{\b - Selection. }Generally, in order to ma
nipulate one or more objects it is necessary to select them. However selection is not required for some operations such as moving and resizing. To select a single objects the user has to position the mouse pointer over it and to click the first button; se
lecting two or more objects at one time (inside the same page) is possible by pressing <ctrl> key simultaneously. In case of single selection, (without <ctrl> key) a new selection unselects the previous.
\par Several objects can be selected at the same time by 
drawing with the mouse a rectangle which contains the objects to be selected. This operation is made by setting the first corner with the first mouse button and then dragging the mouse to build the rectangle with the same button held down. To unselect an 
unwanted object click it before releasing the <ctrl> key.
\par 
\par {\b - Resources. }By using the {\strike Resource Editor}{\v lmi_con_resource_ed} the user can modify an already instantiated object. Some characteristics, typically the position, the dimension, the basic colors, can be modified through the {\strike 
Geometric resources}{\v lmi_aob_geom_res_ly} class. Others can be modified through the available class resources of the object (such as Specific, Color attributes, Color change var).
\par 
\par {\b - Moving. }To move an object the user has to position the cursor in the center of the object, press and hold the second mouse button and drag the pointer to the drop site. Moving of several widgets simultaneously is permitted.
\par 
\par {\b - Resizing. }To resize an object the user has to position the cursor near one of
 the outer edges of the objects and press the second mouse button. The object will be surrounded by a grid which is divided in 9 areas. Every one allows only particularly resizing movement which is performed by dragging the mouse as shown by the arrows in
 the following figure. Object resizing is not permitted for "change page" and "iconreg" objects. 
\par 
\par \pard \qj {\b\f2 \{bmc mi_resiz.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b 
\par }{\b Editing}
\par {\b - Copy, cut, paste. }This operation, applied to some selected objects, can be obtained from the popup menu of the page which is recalled by pressing the third mouse button. These operations involve both foreground and background.
\par LEGOMMI allows selective operations on foreground (objects) or background only after choosing the same copy, cut and paste buttons in background and foreground submenus.
\par 
\par {\b - Duplicate. }Duplication is different from copy only for the composite objects. A duplication of an object child of a composite, keep it as child of the composite. Not the same will happen in case of coping because the new object will
 be born child of the drawing area.
\par 
\par {\b - Delete. }One or more selected objects can be deleted by selecting the Delete option on the popup menu.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_anim}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;animation objects;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use Active objects during animation}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:010}{\plain 
\b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\fs32  }Objects: behaviour during animation
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par The behaviour of the animated objects is defined by the animation table defined as a group of resources for each color change variables. In LEGOMMI/Simulator version the table defines color and ranges limits (threshold) for the color change variable. In L
EGOMMI/SCADA version defines colors for variable "states" defined by flags.
\par 
\par The user during animation has the possibility to insert perturbation and display variables trends using the AING and the PLOT push buttons displayed at the right side of every mmi's synoptic page.
\par This possibility is available for the objects which have almost the first color change variable, in particular:
\par Animated icon
\par \pard \qj\fi1701 Bitmap
\par Indicator
\par Iconreg
\par Dispreg.
\par \pard \qj\fi284 In the same modality, once AING and PLOT will be clicked with the first mouse button a click on one of the above objects will display the {\strike Variable Editor}{\v lmi_con_var_ed} .
\par In AING modality, if the first color change variable is set, Variable Editor will be displayed together with the Model and the Block fields already set. The variable set, as says above, is the first color-change variable but it is displayed only if it is 
an input one; in the others cases this field will appear blank.
\par Once the OK push button has been pressed, a defined perturbation window, called {\strike AING}{\v lmi_mmi_xaing_ly} will be displayed. 
\par The similar variable selection is given by mmi once the user has pressed the PLOT push button but differs from the above because Variable Editor does not filter only input but all variables: the first color change variable is always set (if defined).

\par Once the OK push button has been pressed, a window featuring a graphic object (Run time one variable type) will be displayed.
\par Before the user starts the two activity by pressing the OK push button can also modify the selected variable by means of the push button listed in the variable field.
\par 
\par During animation the user can display the connected page to the using one by clicking on the interface iconreg of interest. This operation opens the connected page (if it is closed) or popup it (if it is already open) and closes the current page.
\par 
\par By clicking on the drawing area of a graphic object (set in run time 1 variable configuration) with the first mouse button it is possible to modify the drawing variable using the {\strike Variable Editor}{\v lmi_con_var_ed}. The graphic pop-up menu, 
displayed by clicking the second mouse button, is described in {\strike Grap}{\strike hic}{\v lmi_aob_display}.{\strike 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_icon}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;Active icon;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use Active icon}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:015}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\fs32  }Objects: animated icon
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_icn0.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par By this term we define a rectangular window containing a user-defined draw with color animated parts (generally a schematic representation of a plant device).
\par The animated icon is connected with variables (animation variables) -that are of significance for the description of the device state or function-, calculated during simulation and with numerical constants that define the range of the variables. Variable 
values can cause a color modification in parts of the icon draw which the user, during draw construction, has defined as animated parts. Animated parts of a draw are obtained when the user draw a geometric elements using one of the enumerated co
lor (1..4) defined in the color palette of the Draw Editor. Each enumerate color is associated with the corresponding animation variable and the color policy during run time is performed as defined by the color resources specified in the Color Change var.
 group.
\par Associated colors for each changing interval will define the icon's graphical behaviour. 
\par 
\par Two types of animated icons are available.
\par 
\par {\b\f2 Vectorial icon}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 Is a particular object which defines an animated draw in vectorial form, such as graphics com}{\f2 mand sequences which allow restoring. Permitted manipulations are:
\par }{\i\f2 Orientation change.
\par }{\i\f2 Dimension change.
\par }{\f2 Dimension change is not directly available; it is possible to modify dimension by changing the dimension of the internal draw (using Draw Editor).
\par }{\f2 
The association of drawing by animated variables is contained in the vectorial draw resource which defines, in additions of the command that builds the drawing, the association of portions of its with animated variables values. These portions have been dr
}{\f2 a}{\f2 wn by the user by using a color associated with a variable. 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b Bitmap icon}
\par Is an object that uses the bitmap format and it is build through the standard Bitmap Editor. Only one color change variable is available and its change will affect the whole icon. The dimension is fixed and the resource "icon orientation" is not available
. 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par Information on icon resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Animated icon}{\v lmi_aob_icon_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_button}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;button;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use dedicated button}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:020}!{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}} Objects: dedicated buttons
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_btn0.bmp\}
\par }
\par Buttons derive from Motif's push buttons and actuate functions concerning the output variables perturbation.
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b Use
\par }Actuation button for command card. 
\par 
\par {\b Graphical image
\par }Depends on the button configuration. Four buttons are available
\par {\b 1  }Simple Button
\par {\b 2  }Button with lamp
\par {\b 3  }Rectangular button
\par {\b 4  }Rectangular button with lamp
\par 
\par {\b Description
\par }Upon pressing the button, a perturbation is sent to the output variable. If the button contains a led, the color depends on the input and input blink variables values as the following table shows:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1623\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b var. input color\cell }{\b var. input blink\cell }{\b light state\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 
\cellx1623\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 1\cell 0\cell on\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 1\cell 1\cell on\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 0\cell 1\cell blinking\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1623\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 0\cell 0\cell off\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 
\row \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par Information on button resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Button}{\v lmi_aob_button_ly}
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_station}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;command station;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use command station}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:030}!{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}} Objects: composite
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_cmp0.bmp\}
\par }
\par Composite object allow the creation of complex predefined objects such as control panel modular components. So the composite object is used as a container of objects.
\par The user can create new objects inserting them into the composite object. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_selector}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;change page;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use change page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:040}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\fs32  }Objects: change page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_chp0.bmp\}
\par }
\par The Change page push buttons act directly to open/close LEGOMMI's pages. The objects contains a user configurable resource that specify page name (referenced page). By using change page buttons it is possible to define during pages configuration the navig
ation policy between synoptic's representation of the plant.
\par Three kinds of change page are available selecting by the resource:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1906\cellx4987\pard \qj\intbl Change page\cell Closes the current page and open referenced page.\cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1906\cellx4987\pard \qj\intbl New page\cell Popups referenced page.
\cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1906\cellx4987\pard \qj\intbl Close page\cell Closes the current page.\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par Information on change page resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Change page layout and resources}{\v lmi_aob_selector_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_display}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 K 
How;graphic display;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use graphical display}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:050}!{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}} Objects: graphic
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_gra0.bmp\}
\par }
\par The graphic object is used to display trends. 
\par Through the related resources the user is able to assign the variables which have been displayed, the upper and lower variables values etc. 
\par Graphic trends have many interactive functionalities for manipulation at the variables.
\par selects displayed variables
\par defines and loads groups of variables
\par modifies measure units
\par modifies full scale values and sets auto scaling
\par sets collimation
\par sets zoom
\par set double dimensional zoom
\par 
\par A better description of the command is contained in LEGOCAD help graphics activity.
\par 
\par {\b Animation behaviour
\par }By clicking on the drawing area of the graphic object (set in run time 1 variable configuration) with the first mouse button it is possible to modify the drawing variable using the  {\strike Variable Editor}{\v lmi_con_var_ed}. The graphic pop-up me
nu is displayed by clicking the second mouse button. Voices of the menu:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1795\cellx5663\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1795\cellx5663\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 
Hardcopy\cell Prepares the window for an hard copy\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Graph\cell }{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Zoom
\cell Sets the mouse arrows to select the zoom area\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Redraw\cell Excludes zoom selection\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Variable\cell }{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Change unit\cell Changes the m.u. of the selected variables\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Change Y scaling\cell Changes the Y scale\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Option\cell }{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Units \cell Changes the m.u.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Collimate on\cell Sets the collimation function\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Y Zoom on\cell Sets the Zoom on Y axis\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1795\cellx5663\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Time in second\cell Sets time in seconds\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 Information on graphic resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Graphic resources}{\v lmi_aob_display_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_led}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;led;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use led}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:060}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects: led
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_led0.bmp\}
\par }
\par The led is an object which displays a light related to the input and blinking variables. 
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 Information on led resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Led resources}{\v lmi_aob_led_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_setvalue}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;set value;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use set value}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:070}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')"}{\plain \f6\lang2057 )}}} Objects: set value
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_set0.bmp\}
\par }
\par The set value is an object used to display or to force a variable value. The set value is composed by a text field to receive data and by a push button to send them. 
\par Through the resources the user can select the variables and define the accepted characteristic of the number i.e. the displayed digit. 
\par The set value is able :
\par to display a variable (input) value
\par to insert a perturbation (actuation) into a variable. Generally a step or a pulse.
\par to inhibit the push button
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par Information on set value resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Set value layout and resource}{\v lmi_aob_setvalue_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_bitmap}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;bitmap;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use bitmap}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:080}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects: bitmap
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_btm0.bmp\}
\par }
\par The bitmap object is an icon containing a monochromatic drawing realized through a bitmap file. Transparent attributes allow the displaying of background sections inside the rectangle restricted to the bitmap. 
\par Bitmap has only one color change variables; the bitmap color depend on the values acquired by the animation variable in respect of 4 defined values (thresholds).
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 Information on bitmap resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Bitmap layout and resource}{\v lmi_aob_setvalue_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_indicator}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;indicator;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use indicator}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:090}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects: indicator
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_ind0.bmp\}
\par }
\par The indicator is an object which can display the value of an associated variable through analogical or digital modalities.
\par The variable value is displayed after it has been filtered with the offset and scaling values have been defined in the resource as in the following relation:
\par 
\par \pard \qc\fi284 out = SCALING*in + OFFSET
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par The number of digit displayed and the upper and the lower limits for variable's value are user defined.
\par {\b N:B:}{\i  If value is external to limits defined the maximum (or minimum) value is displayed}.
\par 
\par The following indicator types are available:
\par pointer
\par bar indicator
\par display
\par increasing bar chart
\par decreasing bar chart
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 Information on indicator resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Indicator layout and resource}{\v lmi_aob_indicator_ly}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_label}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;label;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : how to use label}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:100}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`l}{\plain \f6\lang2057 mi_aob_')")}}} Objects: label
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b \{bmc ob_lbl0.bmp\}
\par }
\par Label is an object which contains text assigned by the user. Font used is user-defined.
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 Information on label resources is available in:
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 1  }{\strike Label layout and resource}{\v lmi_aob_label_ly}
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f5\fs32 \page }{\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_iconreg}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;iconreg;Active objects}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\f5 $ Active objects : how to use iconreg}}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:110}}{\plain \b\f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f5  Objects: iconreg
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 Iconreg is an object dedicated only to t}{\f5 he regulation pages. In fact LEGOMMI prevents the instantiation of any kind of iconreg inside a synoptic page.
\par }{\f5 An iconreg object has been linked to a LEGO regulation module during iconreg construction (in library). 
\par }\pard \qj\fi283 {\f5 
Some input and output ports are instantiated as children of iconreg and each linked with a module's variable for use in connection between objects. Depending on the regulation module associated, iconreg features an input form allowing initialization of LE
}{\f5 GO module's variables and data values. }{\f5 
When an iconreg is instantiated inside a regulation scheme a "Tag" is automatically generated for it's identification. The generated tag identifying the icon named is an acronym of 4 characters XXYY where:
\par }\pard \qj\fi-284\li284 {\f5 \tab \tab XX\tab is the icon progressive number
\par }{\f5 \tab \tab YY\tab is the scheme progressive number.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 Iconreg's symbol is a user defined vectorial draw animated by 4 variables (max) chosen among block's variable. The vectorial draw is included in an icon file. This file can be edited or created through the Draw Editor.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 Icon}{\f5 reg generally has one or more of the following children:
\par }\pard \qj\fi-284\li284 {\f5 1)\tab Input and output ports for icon connection
\par }{\f5 2)\tab Tags associated with the port (displayed on request)
\par }{\f5 3)\tab Display representing the value of one of the LEGO module associated variables (dispreg)
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 An iconreg must be completely configured inside a library before any instantiation in pages. In particular MMI avoids:
\par }{\f5 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx457\cellx5137\pard \intbl {\f5 1\cell }{\f5 to instantiate an iconreg without any associated form file \cell }\pard \intbl {\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx457\cellx5137\pard \intbl {\f5 2\cell }{\f5 
to instantiate any iconreg containing ports which are not associa}{\f5 ted with a LEGO variable\cell }\pard \intbl {\f5 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 When an iconreg has been instantiated inside a page, an elementary regulation module is created for the regulation scheme. The elementary regulation block's acronym is assembled as follow:
\par }\pard \qc\fi284 {\f5 &&&&XXYY
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 where &&&& is the elementary regulation module name.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 The dimension of an iconreg is fixed by the associated icon which is imported or created through the Draw Editor. Other available resources can move the top, bottom, left and right border in order to obtain additive space for }{\f5 ports.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 
Iconreg can verify the compatibility between the module variable list (retrieved from form in memory) and the associated port variables. This control prevents error when the user changes the file name associated with the object in the resources after port
}{\f5 s instantiating . In case of error MMI deletes ports
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 Information on iconreg resources is available in:
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 1  }{\strike\f5 Iconreg layout and resource}{\v\f5 lmi_aob_iconreg_ly}{\f5 
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }{\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_port}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;port;Active objects}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\f5 $ Active objects : how to use port}}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:120}}{\plain \b\f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f5  Objects: port
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 Port is an object dedicated only to the regulation schemes const}{\f5 ruction. It can be instantiated only on an IconReg  object; then it is used for the construction of single components which will be insert inside regulation schemes.
\par }{\f5 
The Port inserted in a regulation acts as I/O device; during the configuration of a regulation page, when the user choose Connect mode the port is sensitive to mouse click and start the drawing of a connection. The end of the connection it is realized whe
}{\f5 n the user clicks on another port (destination port). A connection between ports means a c}{\f5 
onnection between regulation variables: connected variable names are deduced from a particular resource of the port named "Associated variable name". This resource contains the name of one of the LEGO regulation module variable associated to the regulatio
}{\f5 n icon.
\par }{\f5 Every port can be either input or output, digital or analogical, interface or not; ports will become red if analogical and blue if digital and two different geometrical symbol can be chosen by the user: arrow or square. Interface ports allows linki}
{\f5 ng between variables of different schemes.
\par }{\f5 Connection are allowed only between same type ports (analogical, digital) and between complementary directions (input-output). The type Interface port is used inside interface icon and they allow connections between different regulation pages.

\par }{\f5 According to the set of "Set visual mode" on the Option pulldown menu in the window page, LEGOMMI changes the representation of a port: unmanage, manage, tag (displaying the connected tag).
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 Information on port resources }{\f5 is available in:
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 1  }{\strike\f5 Port layout and resource}{\v\f5 lmi_aob_port_ly}{\f5 
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f5\fs32 \page }{\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_dispreg}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K How;dispreg;Active objects}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\f5 $ Active objects : how to use dispreg}}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:130}}{\plain \b\f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp}{\plain \f6\lang2057 ',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f5  Objects: dispreg
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 Dispreg is an object dedicated only to the regulation pages, it can be instantiated only into iconreg object during active object library creation.
\par }{\f5 
Dispreg inherit the module name associated to their iconreg parent; it is also linked to one of the variables belonging to the module; it is used to show, during run time, the associated module name, the linked variable tag or its value in accordance with
}{\f5  the choice made }{\f5 in "Set visual mode" on the Option pulldown menu in the window page. Naturally, during instantiation the user has to assign the linked variable name from the list of associated module variable.
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 Information on dispreg resources is available in:
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 1  }{\strike\f5 Dispreg layout and resource}{\v\f5 lmi_aob_dispreg_ly}{\f5 
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_geom_res_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;geometrical resources;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of geometrical resources}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 
!} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:140}Objects layout: geometric resources
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par These resources are general for all the objects. 
\par The {\i Resource Editor} showing Geometric resources looks like:
\par 
\par \pard \qj {\b\f2 \{bmc mi_resou.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 
\par The "Background color" and the "Border color" options call the resource color viewer (editor); they refer to the color of rectangle area and border of the object.
\par If the "Inherit parent background" resources is set "Yes", LEOGMMI assigns the parent background color as background color to the instantiated object. If it is set "No" it assigns the color specified in the upper background color resources.
\par The "Station page connected" resource define a Station page connected with the icon which will be displayed during run time using LEGOMMI and selecting the object in XSTAZ modality (option push button XSTAZ pressed).
\par Possible rotations are 0, 90, 180, 270 and specular rotation around Y axis.
\par 
\par The File's pulldown menu offers, these choices:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1607\cellx6568\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Load resource\cell Loads resources of a new object (Like Load p.b.)\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1607\cellx6568
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Reset resources\cell Resets the resources\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1607\cellx6568\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Close\cell Closes the pages\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par By pushing Apply the inputs will assigned to the instatiated object .
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_icon_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;icon;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of Active icon}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:150}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: animated icon
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can insert the following resources:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5816\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5816\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Component\cell Assigns the icon to a group of components.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Subsystem\cell Assigns the icon to a subsystem.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row 
\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5816\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Filename\cell Imports Drawing file.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Through Component and Subsystem LEGOMMI supplies a method to filter block selection.
\par By the "Component" resource the user can assign the editing icon to a particularly group of components such as Valves, Pumps, etc. When the filter Component is set this allocation will ease model block selection as the user is wor
king with the Variable Editor . In fact once the icons have been assigned to a particular components only the specific class blocks will be displayed . LEGOMMI works with an ASCII file named {\strike\f2 FileComponent.edf}{\v lmi_aob_component_ly}
 (local to the project directory) which contains all the project Components name.
\par The "Subsystem" resource is similar to the Component one except for its way of arrangement. Every subsystem group a part of a plant module i.e. a portion or the whole regulation, low pression devices e
tc. Once a particular subsystem has been set the user can filter in the Variable Editor the desired models. The ASCII file which gathers this information is named {\strike\f2 FileSubsystem.edf}{\v lmi_aob_subsystem_ly}
 and must be local inside the simulator directory.
\par \pard \qj\fi284\ri4 Another ASCII file named {\strike\f2 FileDefVarCC.edf}{\v lmi_aob_defvarcc_ly}
 is used by LEGOMMI to set a default color change variable name. In fact this file contains a list of rows featuring the names of a LEGO module and of one of its variables. During the assigning of col
or change variable the Variable Editor, once the user has chosen a particularly block of a module coded in the file, will display the associated block variable by default. Naturally the user can then chooses another variable.
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
By pressing Filename the user can import a file inside the icon. The imported file can be edited by the user, with relation both to the drawing and the animated behaviour, by assigning the color change variables and the related intervals. This operation c
an be made through the dedicated editor named "Draw".
\par 
\par Through the "{\b Color change var. }
" resources the user can link a portion of drawing already fixed by Draw with the variations of the selected variable value. In order to define the color set of the drawing color change area many numerical constants are required. The resources are gathere
d in the following table:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resources name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of scansion\cell Color forced by the out scansion flag\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of reliability\cell Color forced by the out reliability flag\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Digital on\cell Digital color\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of low security limit\cell 
Color once the variable value is out of the low security limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit value low security }\cell Low security limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of low conduction limit\cell Color once the variable value is out of the low conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {
\i Limit value low conduction\cell }Low conduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color conduction\cell Color once the variable value is in the conduction area\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit value high conduction}\cell High conduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 
Color out of high conduction limit\cell Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit value high security}\cell 
High conduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of high security limit\cell 
Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par The table contains two pairs of thresholds, for low and high values: conduction and security. 
\par If the variable type is digital, color displayed is Digital on if value is 1 or Color Conduction if value is 0.
\par 
\par \pard \qj {\b\f2 \{}{\b\f2 bmc mi_sogl.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 
\par The "{\b Color attributes}" resources are not available.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_button_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;button;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of dedicated button}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:160}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: button
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par The user chooses the kind of button he needs trough an option menu. The following buttons are available:
\par {\b 1  }Simple Button
\par {\b 2  }Button with lamp
\par {\b 3  }Rectangular button
\par {\b 4  }Rectangular button with lamp
\par 
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can insert the following variable:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2198\cellx7602\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2198\cellx7602\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Input Variable\cell Lighting variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Blink Variable\cell Variable determining the blinking\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2198\cellx7602\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Output Variable\cell Input variable for the model which 
\par sends actuation to the model
\par \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Variables are chosen from a list displayed after selecting the model and block. Insertion of the perturbation associated with the output variable is permitted. 
\par The colors table is:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1623\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b input variable 
\par }{\b (lighting)\cell }{\b blinking
\par }{\b variable\cell }{\b light state\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1623\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 1\cell 0\cell on\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 1\cell 1\cell on\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 0\cell 1\cell blinking\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1623
\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 0\cell 0\cell off\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Through the "{\b Color attribute}" resources the user can insert the following color by the displayed "{\i Color Editor}":
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2356\cellx3967\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resour}{\b ce name \cell }{\b Default value\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2356\cellx3967\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Normal Foreground\cell Black\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Activated Foreground\cell Black\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Normal Background\cell White\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Lamp Color\cell White\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2356\cellx3967
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Blink Color\cell White\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 {\b 
\par }Meaning of the resources:
\par \pard \qj {\b Normal foreground}: drawing of button board
\par {\b Activated foreground}: drawing of activated button
\par {\b Normal background}: internal
\par {\b Lamp color}: internal lamp
\par {\b Blink color}: lamp color when blinking
\par 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 The "{\b Color change var.}" resources are not available.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_station_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;command station;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of command station}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:170}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: composite
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par During the construction of a composite object the user has to set both the composite and the included object resources. Modification to parent (composite) resources are avoided when one of the children object is in edit.
\par In order to easily identify the composite object, the user can assign a name to it during management insertion into the library.
\par The composite has a resource (Children layout) that specifies if children are resized proportionally when dimension of the parent composite is modified.
\par 
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can insert the following resources:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1847\cellx6109\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1847\cellx6109\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Name\cell Name of the composite\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Children layout\cell Enables (Yes) or prevents (No) children modifications during composite resizing\cell \pard\plain 
\intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Rotate (clockwise)\cell Rotates the composite (0/90/180/270)\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1847\cellx6109\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Rotate on Y axis\cell Rotates the composite on Y axis\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_selector_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;change page;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of change page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:180}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: change page
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par Three types of change page button are available:
\par Change page: the current page is closed while target page is opened.
\par New page: target page is popped up; current page remains.
\par Close page: current page is closed
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can insert the following resources:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5916\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5916\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Font\cell Sets the user font\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Type of button\cell Changes the button type\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Page name\cell Sets the target page\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5916\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Label\cell Sets the label of the button\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Through the "{\b Color attributes}" resources the user can insert the color foreground (button board drawing). 
\par 
\par The "{\b Color change var.}" resources are not available. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_display_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;display;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of graphic display}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:190}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: graphic
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par Graphic object allows the display of trends from archived or run-time buffered values.
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can set the displayed variables and the kind of display. The following graphics are available:
\par {\b 1}  {\i Archived variables display
\par }Trends from variables recorded on archive (max 4 var). Names of variable traced and archive used are fixed during configuration.
\par {\b 2}  {\i Run time variables (max 4)}
\par Trends are traced starting when the page is opened; trends are scrolled (and old scrolled data lost) once representation time interval (resource defined by the user is reached). Names of variable traced are fixed during configuration.
\par {\b 3}  {\i Run time variable (only one)}
\par Same as previous. The variable traced can be changed calling the variable selection editor during animation.
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3078\cellx7340\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3078\cellx7340\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 First variable name\cell Calls the Variable Editor and selects a variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Second variable name\cell \pard \s28\qc\intbl {\b "\cell }\pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Third variable name\cell \pard \s28\qc\intbl {\b "\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Fourth variable name\cell \pard \s28\qc\intbl {\b "
\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Run time: repr. time interval\cell Is the scrolling interval in run time modality \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Archives: max numb. of samples\cell \pard \s28\intbl Max numb. of samples the archive contains\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Graphic title label\cell \pard \s28\intbl Label\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3815\cellx8077\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b First variable representation settings\cell }\pard \s28\intbl \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3078\cellx7340\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Autoscaling\cell \pard \s28\intbl Sets automatic scaling\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 
First variable max scale value\cell \pard \s28\intbl Sets max. value for the displayed variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 First variable min scale value\cell \pard \s28\intbl 
Sets min. value for the displayed variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3831\cellx8093\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Second variable representation settings\cell }\pard \s28\intbl \cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3078\cellx7340\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b ...\cell }\pard \s28\intbl \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3882\cellx8144
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Third variable representation settings\cell }\pard \s28\intbl \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3078\cellx7340\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b ...
\cell }\pard \s28\intbl \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3898\cellx8160\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Fourth variable representation setti}{\b ngs\cell }\pard \s28\intbl \cell \pard\plain 
\intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-170 \cellx3078\cellx7340\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b ...\cell }\pard \s28\intbl \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Through the "{\b Color attributes}" resources the user can insert the color for the line of each variable. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_led_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;led;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of led}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:200}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: led
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can set a circular or rectangular led and assigns the two command variable. The light table is the following:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1623\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b input variable 
\par }{\b (lighting)\cell }{\b blinking
\par }{\b variable\cell }{\b light state\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1623\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 1\cell 0\cell on\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 1\cell 1\cell on\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 0\cell 1\cell blinking\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1623
\cellx3136\cellx4949\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 0\cell 0\cell off\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3278\cellx7540\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3278\cellx7540\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Input variable\cell Lighting variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Blinking variable\cell Variable determining the blinking\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3278\cellx7540\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Led type\cell Led type\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Through the "{\b Color attributes}" resources the user can insert the color and the blinking color. 
\par 
\par The "{\b Color change var.}" resources are not available. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_setvalue_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;set value;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of set value}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:210}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: set value
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 {\b 
\par }Through the option "{\b Specific}" available in the Resources Editor the user can insert the following resources:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3395\cellx7657\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3395\cellx7657\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Font\cell The user font\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Number of integer digit displayed\cell Number of integer digits displayed\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Number of decimal digit displayed\cell Number of decimal digits displayed\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Scaling on input variable value\cell 
Scaling on the variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Offset on the input variable value\cell Offset on the variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Input variable\cell Variable value displayed\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Inhibit button variable\cell Variable which inhibits insertions\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Actuation variable\cell Variable which receives the perturbation\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3395\cellx7657\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 
Actuation-related variable\cell Variable which receives a secondary perturbation (generally user set it as a pulse)\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Through the "{\b Color attributes}" resources the user can insert the color foreground (set value drawing). 
\par 
\par The "{\b Color change var.}" resources are not available. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_bitmap_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;bitmap;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of bitmap}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:220}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: bitmap
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can insert:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5916\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5916\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Component\cell Component described by the icon\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Subsystem\cell The subsystem icon belongs\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1654\cellx5916\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Filename\cell Drawing file in bmp format\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Bitmap has only one color change variable.
\par 
\par "{\b Color change var.1}" resouces:
\par the user has to choose an output variable which sets the whole bitmap color during animation. The value acquired by the variable is compared with the threshold and the color of the bitmap is established by the color associated with the threshold range.

\par Color table:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resources name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of scansion\cell Color forced by the out scansion flag\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of reliability\cell Color forced by the out reliability flag\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Digital on\cell Digital color\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of low security limit\cell 
Color once the variable value is out of the low security limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit value low security }\cell Low security limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of low conduction limit\cell Color once the variable value is out of the low conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {
\i Limit value low conduction\cell }Low conduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color conduction\cell Color once the variable value is in the conduction area\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit value high conduction}\cell High conduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 
Color out of high conduction limit\cell Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit value high security}\cell High co
nduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of high security limit\cell 
Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par In the table there are two couples of threshold, for low and high values: conduction and security.
\par If the variable type is digital, color displayed is Digital on if value is 1 or Color Conduction if value is 0.
\par 
\par \pard \qj {\b\f2 \{bmc mi_sogl.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 
\par The "{\b Color attributes}" resources are not available.
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_indicator_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;indicator;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of indicator}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:230}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}} Objects layout: indicator
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par During configuration the user sets the graphical images of the object, upper and lower scale values, the input variable and the precision of the representation. 
\par 
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can insert the following resources:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2927\cellx6084\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2927\cellx6084\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Indicator type\cell Sets the type of indicator\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Number of representing digit \cell \pard \s28\qj\intbl Sets number format\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Number of decimal representing digit \cell Sets the number format\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Scaling of input variable\cell 
Value used to filter the variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Lower value for the input value\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 
Upper value for the input value\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Offset of the input variable\cell Value used to filter the variable\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2927\cellx6084\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Font editor\cell Font used for the alphanumeric 
\par part of the object.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Through the "{\b Color attributes}" resources the user can insert the foreground color and the pointer (or bar) color.
\par 
\par Only the "{\b Color change var.1}" resources is available to connect the indicator with the chosen variable. 
\par Color table:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resources name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of scansion\cell Color forced by the out scansion flag\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of reliability\cell Color forced by the out reliability flag\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Digital on\cell Digital color\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of low security limit\cell 
Color once the variable value is out of the low security limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit value low security }\cell Low security limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of low conduction limit\cell Color once the variable value is out of the low conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {
\i Limit value low conduction\cell }Low conduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color conduction\cell Color once the variable value is in the conduction area\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit v}{\i alue high conduction}\cell High conduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of high conduction limit\cell Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i Limit value high security}\cell 
High conduction limit for the variable value \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Color out of high security limit\cell 
Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par In the table there are two couples of threshold, for low and high values: conduction and security.
\par If the variable type is digital, color displayed is Digital on if value is 1 or Color Conduction if value is 0.
\par 
\par \pard \qj {\b\f2 \{bmc mi_sogl.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_label_ly}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;label;Active objects}${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of label}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:240}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_}{\plain \f6\lang2057 ')")}}} Objects layout: label
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par During configuration the user sets the contents of the string which will be displayed by the object, the dimension and the font.
\par If the label type is normal, dimension are retrieved from font's used characteristic. If it is of type big the label is expanded (or compressed) fitting user specified dimensions.
\par Through big type the user can modify orientation of string using the rotation geometric resource (obtaining for example vertical strings).
\par 
\par Through the "{\b Specific}" resources the user can insert the following resources:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2927\cellx6084\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Resource name\cell }{\b Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2927\cellx6084\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Label type\cell Sets the type : normal or big\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Font \cell \pard \s28\qj\intbl Selects the font\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2927\cellx6084\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Label \cell Sets the text\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par Through the "{\b Color attributes}" resources the user can insert only the foreground color.
\par 
\par None of the "{\b Color change var}" resources are available.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f5\fs32 \page }{\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_iconreg_ly}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;iconreg;Active objects}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\f5 $ Active objects : layout of iconreg}}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:250}}{\plain \b\f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f5  Objects layout: iconreg
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par {\f5 Through the "}{\b\f5 Specific}{\f5 " resources the user can insert the following res}{\f5 ources:
\par }{\f5 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2207\cellx6451\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f5 Resource name\cell }{\b\f5 Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2207\cellx6451\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Transparent attributes\cell }{\f5 Sets the transparent attributes.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Filename\cell }\pard \s28\qj\intbl {\f5 
Sets the associated icon.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Iconreg type\cell }{\f5 Sets the type.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Top border\cell }{\f5 Increases the dimension over the top border.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Bottom border\cell }{\f5 
Increases the dimension under the bottom border.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Left border\cell }{\f5 Increases the dimension at the left border.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {
\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Right border\cell }{\f5 Increases the dimension at the right border.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Rotate (clockwise)\cell }{
\f5 Rotates the icon of a fixed angle (0,90,180,270).\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Rotate on Y axis\cell }{\f5 Rota}{\f5 tes on Y axis.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row 
}\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Module name\cell }{\f5 Sets the associated LEGO module.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Tag name\cell }{\f5 
Shows the tag of an instantiated iconreg.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Description\cell }{\f5 Assigns the iconreg description.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2207\cellx6451\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Input value\cell }{\f5 
Enables changes in block's variables and block's data value (values and description for each datum). The text field shows these values. Modification of module name fields resets automatically input value resources.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {
\f5 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 The transparent attributes is able to show the background or the object under the iconreg (in a composite ob}{\f5 ject).
\par }{\f5 LEGOMMI allows two types of iconreg: normal or interface (input or output); interface ones are used to connect different regulation pages.
\par }{\f5 During configuration of module name MMI displays a window containing the list of regulation LEGOCAD modules which the user can import. The list is obtained from the LEGOCAD "libreg" library located at $LEGOCAD_USER/legocad/libut_reg/libreg.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 Border resources (top, left, right border) give to the user the chance to obtain an icon larger then the size resulting }{\f5 by associated icon draw. These resources are often used for obtain additive space for ports position.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 Through the "}{\b\f5 Color change var. }{\f5 
" resources the user can link a portion of drawing already fixed by Draw with the variations of the selected variable value. In order to define the color set of the drawing color change area many numerical constants are required. The resources are gathere
}{\f5 d in the following table:
\par }{\f5 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f5 Resources name\cell }{\b\f5 Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of scansion\cell }{\f5 Color forced by the out scansion flag\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 C}{\f5 olor out of reliability\cell }{\f5 
Color forced by the out reliability flag\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Digital on\cell }{\f5 Digital color\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of low security limit\cell }{\f5 Color once the variable value is out of the low security limit\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f5 Limit value low security }
{\f5 \cell }{\f5 Low security limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of low conduction limit\cell }{\f5 
Color once the variable value is out of the low conduction limit\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f5 Limit value low conduction\cell }{\f5 Low conduction limit for the variable value \cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color conduction\cell }{\f5 Color once the variable value is in the condu}{\f5 ction area\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f5 Limit value high conduction}{\f5 \cell }{\f5 High conduction limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 
Color out of high conduction limit\cell }{\f5 Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f5 Limit value high security}{\f5 \cell }{\f5 
High conduction limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of high security limit\cell }{\f5 
Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 The table contains two pairs of thresholds, for low and high values: conduction and security. 
\par }{\f5 If the variable type is digital, color}{\f5  displayed is Digital on if value is 1 or Color Conduction if value is 0.
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f2 \{bmc mi_sogl.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 The "}{\b\f5 Color attributes}{\f5 " resources are not available.
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\fs32 \page }{\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_port_ly}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;port;Active objects}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\f5 $ Active objects : layout of port}}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:260}}{\plain \b\f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f5  Objects layout: port
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par {\f5 During configuration the user sets the kind of port and the connection with a LEGO variable.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 Through the "}{\b\f5 Specific}{\f5 " resources the user can insert the following resources:
\par }{\f5 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1906\cellx6150\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f5 Resource name\cell }{\b\f5 Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1906\cellx6150\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Port type\cell }{\f5 Sets the port type i.e. direction (in/out) and type of variable associated (analogical or digital)\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 
Port layout \cell }\pard \s28\qj\intbl {\f5 Sets the port layout (arrow or square)\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Interface port\cell }{\f5 Sets the port as an interface port or not }{
\b\f5 (*)}{\f5 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Port name\cell }{\f5 Associates a LEGO variable with port\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Connect port name\cell }{\f5 Shows the name of the connected port\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1906\cellx6150\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Font\cell }{\f5 
Sets the font used to display the port 
\par }{\f5 name (connect mode)\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 The user has to use interface type only for ports that are child of interface type iconreg objects and are used for connection between different pages.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 The following kinds of ports are available:
\par }{\f5 ANALOG INPUT
\par }{\f5 ANALOG OU}{\f5 TPUT
\par }{\f5 DIGITAL INPUT
\par }{\f5 DIGITAL OUTPUT
\par }{\f5 
The user can change the associated variable through a window displayed by LEGOMMI which shows the list of available variables (input or output depending from the type port) belonging to the LEGO module referenced by its iconreg parent and the list of the 
}{\f5 already selected variables list.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 Through the "}{\b\f5 Color attributes}{\f5 " resources the user can insert the color of the port (analogical or digital) and, for the label, the foreground and the backgrounds. 
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 The "}{\b\f5 Color change}{\b\f5  var.}{\f5 " resources are not available.
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f5\fs32 \page }{\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_dispreg_ly}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f6\lang2057 K Layout;dispreg;Active objects}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : layout of dispreg}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:270}}{\plain 
\b\f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmi}{\plain \f6\lang2057 help.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f5  Objects layout: dispreg
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par {\f5 Through the "}{\b\f5 Specific}{\f5 " resources the user can insert the following resources:
\par }{\f5 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2978\cellx7173\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f5 Resource name\cell }{\b\f5 Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2978\cellx7173\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Type\cell }{\f5 Value, vertical bar, horizontal bar, dispreg\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Font\cell }{\f5 Sets the font for the label displayed.
\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Number of representing digit \cell }\pard \s28\qj\intbl {\f5 Sets number of the integer part of the value displayed\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 
\row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Number of decimal representing digit \cell }{\f5 Sets the number of digits of the decimal part of the value displayed\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Scaling of input variable\cell }{\f5 Val}{\f5 ue used to filter the variable\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Lower value for the input value\cell }{\f5 \cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Upper value for the input value\cell }{\f5 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 
Offset of the input variable\cell }{\f5 Value used to filter the variable\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2978\cellx7173\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Font editor\cell }{\f5 
Font used for the alphanumeric 
\par }{\f5 part of the object.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 
The resource type allows the user to use a particularly representation of the variable value useful for digital variables; it is the "bar" representation where the numerical value is substituted by a led which color is defined during run time accordingly 
}{\f5 with the co}{\f5 lor change resources.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 "}{\b\f5 Color change var.1}{\f5 " resources:
\par }{\f5 the user has to choose a variable to connect with the dispreg. The value acquired by the variable is compared with the threshold and the }{\f5 foreground }{\f5 color of the }{\f5 object}{\f5 
 is established by the color associated with the threshold range.
\par }{\f5 Color table:
\par }{\f5 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f5 Resources name\cell }{\b\f5 Meaning\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\b\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of scansion\cell }{\f5 Color forced by the out scansion flag\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of reliability\cell }{\f5 
Color forced by the out reliability flag\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Digital on\cell }{\f5 Digital color\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of low security}{\f5  limit\cell }{\f5 Color once the variable value is out of the low security limit\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f5 
Limit value low security }{\f5 \cell }{\f5 Low security limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of low conduction limit\cell }{\f5 
Color once the variable value is out of the low conduction limit\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f5 Limit value low conduction\cell }{\f5 Low conduction limit for the variable value \cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color conduction\cell }{\f5 Color once the variable value is in the conduction area\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f5 Limit value high conduction}{\f5 \cell }{\f5 High conduction limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of high conduction li}{\f5 mit
\cell }{\f5 Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f5 Limit value high security}{\f5 \cell }{\f5 
High conduction limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx3139\cellx8656\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f5 Color out of high security limit\cell }{\f5 
Color once the variable value is out of the high conduction limit\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 {\f5 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 In the table there are two couples of threshold, for low and high values: conduction and security.
\par }{\f5 If the variable type is digital, color displayed is Digital on if value is 1 or Color Conduction if value is 0.
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f2 \{bmc mi_sogl.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f5\fs32 \page }{\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_component_ly}}}{\f2 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f6\lang2057 K Layout;FileComponent.edf example;listing;Active objects}}{\f2 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : listing of FileComponent.edf file}}{\f2 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
+ Lmi_obj:280}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f2  Objects layout: }{\f2 FileComponent.edf

\par }\pard\plain \qj \f6\lang2057 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2380\cellx3641\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell {\f2 |25}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2380\cellx3641\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 
Valvole}\cell {\f2 VAIN}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 VALC}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 VALV}\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Fumi}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 FUMN}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 FUMB}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell \cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Pompe}\cell {\f2 CPOM}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Camere di combustione}\cell {\f2 CCDY}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 CCMB}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 CCMP}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 CCPN}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 CCTG}
\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Collettori}\cell {\f2 COLN}\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 COLT}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 COLV}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Degasatori}\cell {\f2 DEGB}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 DEGN
}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Pareti Metalliche}\cell {\f2 META}\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 METP}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Miscelatori}\cell {\f2 MIX2}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 MIXN}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}
\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Cavita'}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 TANK}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 
\row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 RISO}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 COND}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 
{\f2 ****}\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 Tubazioni}\cell {\f2 TUBA}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 TUBO}\cell \pard\plain 
\intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell {\f2 TUBS}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2380\cellx3641\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\f2 ****}\cell \cell \pard\plain 
\intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page {\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_subsystem_ly}}}{\f2 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 
K Layout;FileSubSystem.edf example;listing;Active objects}}{\f2 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : listing of FileSubSystem.edf file}}{\f2 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:290}}
{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f2  Objects layout: FileSubSystem.edf
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f6\lang2057 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2380\cellx3641\cellx5338\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****\cell |25\cell |40\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2380\cellx3641\cellx5338\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f6\fs20\lang2057 Raffreddamento\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell TVCOND\cell DISNDIS1\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell 
\cell DISNDIS2\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell TORFTORF\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell CPOMAARC\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell CPOMBARC\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell COLTMPAR\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell TUBODPCN\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell +EVATATR\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****
\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Bassa Pressione\cell TVCOND\cell COLTAEBP\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell {\plain 
\f2\lang2057 VALV950A}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell {\plain \f2\lang2057 VALV950B\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell 
{\plain \f2\lang2057 VALV961A\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell VALV961B\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell COLTIEBA\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell COLTIEBB\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell COLTUEBB\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell COLTUEBA\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 
Sub System per TANICA\cell TANICA\cell TANKCC\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Tutto TANICA\cell 
TANICA\cell TANKCC\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell VALVVALV\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Solo REGOLA\cell REGOLA\cell REGOREGO\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 Praticamente TUTTO\cell TANICA\cell TANKCC\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell \cell VALVVALV\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 \cell REGOLA\cell REGOREGO\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2380\cellx3641\cellx5338\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \f6\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page }{\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 {\b # lmi_aob_defvarcc_ly}}}{\f2 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 K Layout;FileDefVarCC.edf example;listing;Active objects}}{\f2 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 $ Active objects : listing of FileDefVarCc.edf file}}{\f2 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f6\lang2057 + Lmi_obj:300}}{\plain \b\f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 !} {\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_aob_')")}}}{\f2 
 Objects layout: FileDefVarCC.edf
\par }\pard\plain \qj \f6\lang2057 
\par \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1746\cellx7397\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****\cell |10 (I NOMI DEI MODULI SONO IN ORDINE ALFABETICO)\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1746\cellx7397\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 CLAV\cell LIVC\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 CNDN\cell LCND\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 COLT\cell TCOL\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 CPOM\cell WPOM\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 DISN\cell TEFF\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 DRIS\cell PUTU\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 EVAP\cell WITU\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 FUMB\cell TUF_\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 FUMN\cell TUF_\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 METP\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 MIXN\cell WMIX\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 NODO\cell USOM\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 NPSH\cell LPSH\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 TANK\cell LIVC\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 TITL\cell ATIT\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 TORF\cell TEFF\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 TREN\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 TUBO\cell WTUB\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 VALV\cell ALZA\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1746\cellx7397\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f6\fs20\lang2057 ****\cell FINE DEL FILE
\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\lang2057 \row \pard \qj 
\par \pard \qj\fi284 
\par }