{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f3\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f4\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f5\froman Times New Roman;}{\f6\fswiss Arial;}
{\f7\fmodern Courier New;}{\f8\fmodern Courier;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{
\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 
\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 
\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{\s242\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9000 \b\f2\fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext242 footer;}{\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{
\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \fs20\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\qj\fi284\li354 \ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s254\keepn \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 testo nota di chiusura;}{
\s3\qj\fi284\li2835 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 rientro1;}{\s4\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon3\snext4 rientro2;}{\s5\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext5 rientro des;}{\s6\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f2\lang1033 
\sbasedon3\snext6 rientro3;}{\s7\fi284 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext7 campoalftab;}{\s8\qr\fi284 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon7\snext8 camponum;}{\s9\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon3\snext9 risposta;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f2\fs48\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext10 tit1pub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs40\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext11 subtitpub;}{\s12\qc\fi284 \b\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext12 subsubtitpub;}{\s13\qr\fi284\keepn \b\i\f2\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon252\snext13 attenzione;}{
\s14\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1des;}{\s15\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon243\snext15 intestit1sin;}{\s16\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang1033 
\sbasedon15\snext16 intestit2sin;}{\s17\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon14\snext17 intestit2des;}{\s18\qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 normale rientro0;}{\s19\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon252\snext19 col.1 for1;}{\s20\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext20 normale no rientro;}{\s21\qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext21 norm;}{\s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \snext22 /intes barra;}{
\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon20\snext23 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s24\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon20\snext24 pie pag barra;}{\s25\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f2\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext25 var=2;}{\s26\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon25\snext26 var=3;}{\s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext27 Intermedio;}{\s28\qj \f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext28 Tabella;}{\s29\qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext29 endnote text;}{\s30\qj\fi284\li1440\sb60\sa60 \lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext30 RelSdi;}{\s31\qr\sb3840\sa240\brdrt\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20 \b\f6\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext32 TitoloPrincipale;}{\s32\qr\sa960 \b\f6\fs32\lang1040 
\sbasedon31\snext33 SottoTitolo;}{\s33\qr\sb960 \b\f6\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext0 ACuraDi;}{\s34 \b\f6\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext34 NomeDitta;}{\s35\sb1440\sa720 \b\f6\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon33\snext35 TitoloSom;}{
\s36\fi-360\li2160\sb60\sa120\tx3600 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext36 Lista;}{\s37\sb60\sa60 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext37 TestoTabella;}{\s38\qj\fi-283\li2880\sb60\sa60\tx284\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920 
\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext38 PuntiSdi;}}{\info{\title LEGOMMI HELP}{\subject Documentazione LEGOMMI}{\doccomm Main per LMMIHELP}{\creatim\yr1995\mo2\dy27\hr15\min33}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy18\hr9\min8}{\printim\yr1995\mo5\dy5\hr9\min9}{\version147}
{\edmins1419}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16415}}\paperw11901\paperh16834\margl1134\margr1134\margt1701\margb1701\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \binfsxn1\binsxn1\pgnrestart\linex0\headery1088\footery918\colsx709 {\header 
\pard\plain \qr\fi284\ri-6 \f2\lang1033 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b \\}{\b styleref}{\b  "titolo 1"}}{\fldrslt {\b #K$+! SUMMARY}}}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LMMIHELP  HELP on line\tab \tab \tab 
\par \pard\plain \s20\qc\fi284\keepn \f2\lang1033 {\b s.d.i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 {\b # lmi_summary}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 K summary;LEGOMMI}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 $ Introduction and summary of LEGOMMI}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 + Lmi_help:000}{\plain \f2\fs36\expnd12\lang1033 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\plain 
\f2\up6\lang1033 !}{\plain \f2\lang1033  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`legoroot.hlp',`lg_help_root')")}}} SUMMARY
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The MMI tool developed for the ENEL LEGOCAD environment is used to configure, display and manage plant animated}{\f6  synoptics.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 MMI is available in two versions that differs in the way data collected and in data types representation.
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2925\cellx5669\pard\plain \s28\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f6\lang1033 LEGOMMI/simulator\cell }{\plain \f6\lang1033 MMI associated with a LEGOCAD simulator which sends data\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 {\f6 
\row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2925\cellx5669\pard\plain \s28\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f6\lang1033 LEGOMMI/SCADA\cell }{\plain \f6\lang1033 MMI associated with a SCADA (PSCS 2000 S.d.I.) which sends data and variable flags\cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 In both versions data exchange between LEGOMMI and simulator or SCADA is structured using a client-server architecture where MMI is the client.
\par }{\f6 We consider three step in LEGOMMI use : }{\i\f6 configuration}{\f6 , }{\i\f6 compil}{\i\f6 ation}{\f6  and }{\i\f6 synoptic animation}{\f6 . 
\par }{\f6 The user may use two different executable tools:
\par }{\b\f6 config\tab }{\f6 to built up the pages
\par }{\b\f6 mmi}{\f6  \tab to use the animated pages during run-time
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f5 
LEGOMMI config tool can also be used to develop pages which represent regulation schemes in order to obtain a regulation LEGO module (block) and to connect pages (i.e. schemes) among each other so as to create a regulation task. In this modality LEGOMMI c
}{\f5 an manage specific graphical regulation objects that provide connection capabilities and memo}{\f5 
rization of topological information. The same regulation scheme can be used in run-time mode as a plant synoptic for debugging purposes or plant monitoring.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 About this help
\par }{\f6 Topics dedicated only to the regulation task builder use of LEGOMMI are written in a different font (}{\f5 Times New Roman}{\f6 ) from the others (Arial).
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang1033 {\f6 HOW TO USE}{\plain \b\i\f6\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \f2\lang1033 {\strike\f6 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\f6 lmi_mmi_subsystems}{\f6   LEGOMMI versions available
\par }{\strike\f6 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\f6 lmi_conn_variables}{\f6   Connection simulator or SCADA variables
\par }{\strike\f6 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\f6 lmi_page_lib}{\f6   Page and l}{\f6 ibrary
\par }{\strike\f6 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\f6 lmi_context}{\f6   Context files
\par }{\strike\f6 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\f6 lmi_aob_}{\f6   Active objects
\par }{\strike\f6 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\f6 lmi_con_config}{\f6   Configuration
\par }{\strike\f6 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\f6 lmi_cmp_anim}{\f6   Compilation for animated pages
\par }{\i\strike\f5 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\i\v\f5 lmi_tags}{\i\f5   Tags of a regulation page
\par }{\i\strike\f5 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\i\v\f5 lmi_cmp_reg}{\i\f5   Compilation of a regulation page
\par }{\i\strike\f5 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\i\v\f5 lmi_cmp_task}{\i\f5   Compilation of a regulation task
\par }{\strike\f6 \{bmc help.bmp\}}{\v\f6 lmi_sim_simulation}{\f6   Synoptic animation
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s27\qc\ri-6 \b\i\f2\fs36\lang1033 {\f6 LEGOMMI WINDOWS LAYOUT
\par }\pard\plain \qj \f2\lang1033 {\b\f6 1  }{\strike\f6 config main window layout}{\v\f6 lmi_config_mw_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 2  }{\strike\f6 mmi main windo}{\strike\f6 w layout}{\v\f6 lmi_mmi_mw_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 3  }{\strike\f6 mmi's synoptic page layout}{\v\f6 lmi_syn_page_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 4  }{\strike\f6 mmi's station page layout}{\v\f6 lmi_stat_page_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 5  }{\strike\f6 mmi's xaing windows layout}{\v lmi_mmi_xaing_ly}{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang1033 {\f6\fs32 \page }{\f6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 {\b # lmi_mmi_subsystems}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f2\lang1033 K How;LEGOMMI versions;LEGOMMI}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 $ LEGOMMI : how to use available LEGOMMI versions}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 + Lmi_help:010}}{\plain 
\f6\fs36\up6\lang1033 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f2\up6\lang1033 !}{\plain \f2\lang1033  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')")}}}{\f6  LEGOMMI: versions available
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 MMI is available in two different versions depending on the data I/O software interface provided: the server from/to which LEGOMMI exchange data may be ENEL LEGO SIMULATOR or SCADA (actually S.d.I. SCADA PCS2000).
\par }{\f6 While in LEGOMMI/SCADA a specific composite object for alarm acknowledge and display is availab}{\f6 le in LEGOMMI/simulator alarm management is not provided.
\par }{\f6 
The simulator sends all data as floating point variables, SCADA sends configured points data as floating point with some associated flags (for analog variables) or as status value with associated flags (for digital variables). In the LEGOMMI/simulator ver
}{\f6 sion, MMI flags manage additional information (such as limits thresholds surpass).
\par }
\par Information about connection simulator or SCADA variables is available in:
\par \pard \qj {\b 1  }{\strike Connection simulator or SCADA var}{\strike iables}{\v\f6 lmi_conn_variables}{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang1033 {\f6\fs32 \page }{\f6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 {\b # lmi_conn_variables}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 
\f2\lang1033 K How;connection simulator (SCADA) variables;LEGOMMI}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 $ LEGOMMI : how to connect simulator or SCADA variables}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 
+ Lmi_help:015}}{\plain \f6\fs36\up6\lang1033 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f2\up6\lang1033 !}{\plain \f2\lang1033  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')")}}}{\f6 
 LEGOMMI: connection simulator or SCADA variables
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284\sl240 \f2\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
The simulator sends all data as floating point variables, SCADA sends configured points data as floating point with some associated flags (for analog variables) or as status value with associated flags (for digital variables). In the LEGOMMI/simulator ver
}{\f6 sion, MMI flags manage additional information (such as limits thresholds surpass).
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }\pard \qc\fi284 {\b\f6 SCADA
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 MMI can receive digital or analogical data, both being associated with flag}{\f6 s.
\par }{\f6 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2251\cellx3919\pard \intbl {\f6 Analogical\cell }{\f6 Value\cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2251\cellx3919\pard \intbl {\f6 \cell }{\f6 Flags\cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\pard \intbl {\f6 
\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\pard \intbl {\f6 Digital\cell }{\f6 State (0/1)\cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\pard \intbl {\f6 \cell }{\f6 Flags\cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2251\cellx3919\pard \intbl {\f6 
\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 Flags consist of information, either on measure acceptability: out of scansion, out of reliability, forced; or warning flags, such as those concerning overcoming threshold or alarm acknowledge flag (RI).
\par }{\f6 Once an object has been linked with a simulator or SCADA variable, it receives the related data and the flags which causes modifications in objects colours and their aspect (i.e. color modification, displayed value modif}{\f6 ication etc.).
\par }{\f6 
Object dynamic behaviour, due to linked variables values modification, depends on object type and user configured resources values. Colour change policy generally is the same for active objects: every flag set (on) is associated to a color defined by the 
}{\f6 user. The flags, RI and FZ, cause different behaviour on the object; RI causes color blinking between normal color and flag-on colour, FZ causes reverse representation realized using background color and flag-on colors.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 A priority scale b}{\f6 etween flags effects is fixed; in fact, flags have not the same importance (for example "out of scansion" forces the related color regard less of the others). The priority scale of flags is the following:
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6\ul Flags associated with user defined colors (flag-on colors):
\par }\pard \qj {\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 FS}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 Out of scansion.
\par }{\b\i\f6 AU}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 Automatic. Specify a particular status of out of reliability.
\par }{\b\i\f6 FA}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 Out of reliability
\par }{\b\i\f6 ST}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 Esteemed
\par }{\b\i\f6 LH}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 Low security limit for the variable value
\par }{\b\i\f6 LC}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 Low conduction limit for the variable value
\par }{\b\i\f6 HC}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 High conduction lim}{\f6 it for the variable value
\par }{\b\i\f6 HH}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 High conduction limit for the variable value
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6\ul Flags associated with object visualization:
\par }\pard \qj {\b\i\f6 RI}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 Alarm to recognize. Causes blinking on
\par }{\b\i\f6 FZ}{\i\f6 \tab }{\f6 Forced. Causes reverse display}{\i\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \qc\fi284 {\b\f6 LEGOMMI/SIMULATOR
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 The simulator sends all data as floating point, so the user has to assign threshold values that causes color modifications inside the resources of the object. Naturally the user has also to assign alarm color.
\par }{\f6 No flags alarm management is provided.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6\ul Flags about overcoming threshold }{\f6\ul which define the areas of the variations' value:
\par }{\f6 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2871\cellx7585\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\i\f6 Limit value low security }{\f6 \cell }{\f6 Low security limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 {\f6 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2871\cellx7585\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\i\f6 Limit value low conduction\cell }{\f6 Low conduction limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\i\f6 Limit value high conduction}{\f6 \cell }{\f6 High conduction limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2871\cellx7585\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\i\f6 Limit value high security}{\f6 \cell }{\f6 High conduction limit for the variable value \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang1033 {\f6\fs32 \page }{\f6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 {\b # lmi_page_lib}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 
K How;page & libraries;LEGOMMI}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 $ LEGOMMI : how to use page and libraries}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 + Lmi_help:020}}{\plain \f6\fs36\up6\lang1033 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f2\up6\lang1033 !}{\plain \f2\lang1033  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')"}{\plain \f2\lang1033 )}}}{\f6  LEGOMMI: page & libraries
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284\sl240 \f2\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 A plant representation is composed by a series of graphical pages representing data and other schematic information dur}{\f6 
ing run-time (animation). Every page must be configured by instantiating some active objects, (icons, numeric display trends, bar chart ecc.) and by defining the background draw (not animated). During instantiation the user establishes the links between g
}{\f6 raphical behaviour of the active objects in animation and the values assumed by the simulator or SCADA variables in the run-time phase. 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 During page definition, the user has to assign the page type and geometrical page's characteristic. Three types of page}{\f6 s are available:
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Synoptic Page:
\par }{\f6 used for the presentation of a plant synoptic; is completed by a series of pre-defined buttons on the left side of the window. The functions available through the push buttons are 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1218\cellx4615\pard \qj\intbl {\b\f6 - }{\f6 NOP}\cell enables only the specific call-back of every object (i.e. buttons).{\f6 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1218\cellx4615\pard \qj\intbl 
{\b\f6 - }{\f6 INFO}\cell {\f6 info display on objects\cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\intbl {\b\f6 -}{\f6  }XAING\cell {\f6 perturbation send (for simulator only)\cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\intbl {\b\f6 - }{\f6 XSTAZ}\cell 
rising of a station page associated with an icon.{\f6 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\intbl {\b\f6 - }{\f6 PLOT\cell }{\f6 plot (for trend display of the variable)\cell }\pard \intbl {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1218\cellx4615
\pard \qj\intbl {\b\f6 - }{\f6 CLOSE\cell }closes the page\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 Synoptic Page:
\par }{\f6 same as synoptic but pre-defined buttons are not present.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Regulation Page
\par }{\f6 used for the construction of pages describing regulation schemes; in this case instantiation of objects, oriented to topological information memorization such as iconreg is allowed. During run-time is the same as synoptic.
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 LEGOMMI supplies a series of basic graphical objects which can be retrieved and instantiated by the user; these objects are organized in the standard active objects library nam}{\f6 ed std.lib. 
\par }{\f6 
An active objects library contains and organizes a series of active objects, retrieved and reused by the user. It acts as a user-defined "toolbox" containing custom graphical objects. Customization of objects includes also the creation of "composite objec
}{\f6 ts". Furthermore the user will be able to create a private library featuring pre-configured objects for speedy use. For example, a library can be dedicated to a particular kind of synoptic depending on the part of the plant under consideration}{\f6 
 (i.e. superheater, evaporator etc.). 
\par }{\f6 Libraries, similarly to pages, are created by the user by instantiating objects and assigning the related properties (resources). 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 Every page is completely defined by these files:
\par }{\f6 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1297\cellx6113\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\i\f6 <page>.pag}{\i \cell }contains property for every instantiated object\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1297
\cellx6113\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\i\f6 <page>.bkg}{\i \cell }contains property for the background draw\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 Every active objects library is defined by the file 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1297\cellx6113\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\i\f6 <library>.lib}{\i \cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 All file produced are in ASCII format and so cross-platform portability is guaranteed.
\par }{\f6 }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang1033 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 {\b # lmi_context}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 
K How;Context;LEGOMMI}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 $ LEGOMMI : how to use the Context file}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang1033 + Lmi_help:030}}{\plain \f6\fs36\up6\lang1033 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f2\up6\lang1033 !}{\plain \f2\lang1033  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')")}}}{\f6  LEGOMMI: Context file
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 In order to start-up the configuration and the simulation activities both }{\i\f6 config}{\f6  and }{\i\f6 mmi}{\f6  need a configuration file (called }{\i\f6 Contex.ctx}{\f6  by default or <}{\i\f6 name>.ctx}{\f6  if precisely).
\par }{\f6 This file contains a number of basic information such as the list of pages and libraries that constitute the project; the directories where specific project file resides etc.
\par }{\f6 Some context information (i.e. directories names) can be changed when the user starts }{\i\f6 config}{\f6  by choosing "Modify Context" on the}{\f6  Context pulldown menu inside the main window. When the user starts up animation through the }{\i\f6 
mmi}{\f6 , the ".ctx" file is loaded and the list of available pages is shown.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 List of context fields:
\par }{\f6 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2134\cellx5878\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 Project\cell Directory containing the Context file.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2134\cellx5878\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 Description\cell Application description.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 Pages\cell Directory containing the pages.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 Object library\cell Directory containing the active objects libraries.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 Active icon library\cell 
Directory containing the animated icon's file.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 Simulator\cell Directory containing the varia
ble.rtf file. This file contains the list of all available variables in run time database.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 Display list\cell 
List of LEGOMMI/simulator X-Server's display used in run time.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2134\cellx5878\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang1033 Host name\cell 
Host which will send data during run-time, local if it is not set.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang1033 \row \pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }When using {\i mmi} an added binary context file, named {\i Context.ctx_rtf}, is produced. This file contains the background information of all pages and \tab 
in particular gathers the contents of all the background ASCII files in binary format to have these information stored in the memory and obtains a quick page-loading without loading in the {\i page.bkg} files. During start up, {\i mmi}
 controls if the Context.ctx and all the page.bkg files are older than the Context.ctx_rtf and loads the latter or creates a new one depending on test results.{\f6 
\par }
\par }