{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f3\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f4\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f5\froman Times New Roman;}{\f6\fswiss Arial;}
{\f7\fmodern Courier;}{\f8\froman Roman;}{\f9\fnil Crillee;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{
\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{\s242\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9000 \b\f2\fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext242 footer;}{\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 \f2\fs16\up6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{
\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \fs20\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\qj\fi284\li354 \ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s254\keepn \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 testo nota di chiusura;}{
\s3\qj\fi284\li2835 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext3 rientro1;}{\s4\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext4 rientro2;}{\s5\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext5 rientro des;}{\s6\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon3\snext6 rientro3;}{\s7\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext7 campoalftab;}{\s8\qr\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon7\snext8 camponum;}{\s9\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext9 risposta;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f2\fs48\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext10 tit1pub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext11 subtitpub;}{\s12\qc\fi284 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext12 subsubtitpub;}{\s13\qr\fi284\keepn \b\i\f2\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext13 attenzione;}{
\s14\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1des;}{\s15\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext15 intestit1sin;}{\s16\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon15\snext16 intestit2sin;}{\s17\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon14\snext17 intestit2des;}{\s18\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext18 normale rientro0;}{\s19\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon252\snext19 col.1 for1;}{\s20\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 normale no rientro;}{\s21\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext21 norm;}{\s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \snext22 /intes barra;}{
\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext23 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s24\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext24 pie pag barra;}{\s25\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext25 var=2;}{\s26\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon25\snext26 var=3;}{\s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext27 Intermedio;}{\s28\qj \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext28 Tabella;}{\s29\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext29 endnote text;}{\s30\qj\fi284\li1440\sb60\sa60 \lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext30 RelSdi;}{\s31\qr\sb3840\sa240\brdrt\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20 \b\f6\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext32 TitoloPrincipale;}{\s32\qr\sa960 \b\f6\fs32\lang1040 
\sbasedon31\snext33 SottoTitolo;}{\s33\qr\sb960 \b\f6\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext0 ACuraDi;}{\s34 \b\f6\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext34 NomeDitta;}{\s35\sb1440\sa720 \b\f6\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon33\snext35 TitoloSom;}{
\s36\fi-360\li2160\sb60\sa120\tx3600 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext36 Lista;}{\s37\sb60\sa60 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext37 TestoTabella;}{\s38\qj\fi-283\li2880\sb60\sa60\tx284\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920 
\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext38 PuntiSdi;}}{\info{\title LEGOMMI HELP}{\subject Documentazione LEGOMMI}{\doccomm LMMIHELP configuration phase}{\creatim\yr1995\mo2\dy27\hr15\min35}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy18\hr11\min16}{\printim\yr1995\mo5\dy17\hr16\min48}
{\version199}{\edmins2267}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16415}}\paperw11901\paperh16834\margl1134\margr1134\margt1701\margb1701\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \binfsxn1\binsxn1\pgnrestart\linex0\headery1088\footery918\colsx709 
{\header \pard\plain \qr\fi284\ri-6 \f2\lang2057 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b \\}{\b styleref}{\b  "titolo 1"}}{\fldrslt {\b #K$+! Configuration: Bitmap editor}}}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LMMIHELP HELP on line\tab \tab \tab 
\par \pard\plain \s20\qc\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 {\b s.d.i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_config}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Configuration;LEGOMMI}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ LEGOMMI : how to configure a page}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_help:050}}{\plain \f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')")}}}{\f6  LEGOMMI: Configuration
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284\sl240 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The configuration phase consists in the creation and construction of a page. The user can create}{\f6  and modify a page calling the tool named "}{\b\f6 config}{\f6 " both for synoptic and regulation scheme. A number of Editors are available.
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc config.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\b\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Creation
\par }{\f6 
The user can create a new page selecting "Page" or "Regulation" on the Create pulldown menu. MMI will then display a window where basic information on the page geometry can be inserted. With the first choice MMI creates a synoptic and with the second a re
}{\f6 gulation page.
\par }{\f5 For regulation schemes management every page is associated with a progressive num}{\f5 ber, formed by numbers and characters, i.e.:
\par }{\f5 00,01, ... , 0A, 0B, ... , 0Z,10,11, ... , ZZ
\par }{\f5 These numbers are not re-computed after deleting a page.
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Construction
\par }{\f6 First, the user must instantiate one or more objects retrieved from a library and then select a graphic object to assign the resources using the attributes configurator named Resource Editor.
\par }{\f6 Furthermore the user can complete the page with the background by using the Draw Editor. 
\par }{\f5 In construction of regulation schemes once instantiation has }{\f5 been completed the user has to connect the objects's ports. Snap is available to facility the building of connections}{\f6  .
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The following figure shows a schematic example of configuration:
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_cnf.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 {\f6 HOW TO USE
\par }\pard\plain \qj \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 1  }{\strike\f6 Resource Editor}{\v\f6 lmi_con_resource_ed}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 2  }{\strike\f6 Variable Editor}{\v\f6 lmi_con_var_ed}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 3  }{\strike\f6 Color Editor}{\v\f6 lmi_con_color_ed}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 4  }{\strike\f6 Font Editor}{\v\f6 lmi_con_font_ed}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 5  }{\strike\f6 Draw Editor}{\v\f6 lmi_con_draw_ed}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 6  }{\strike\f6 Bitmap Editor}{\v\f6 lmi_con_bitmap_ed}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 7  }{\strike\f6 Zoom and Snap}{\v\f6 lmi_con_functions}{\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f5 8  }{\i\strike\f5 Connection}{\i\v\f5 lmi_con_connection}{\i\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 9  }{\i\strike\f5 Data input}{\v\f5 lmi_con}{\v\f5 _datain}{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 {\f6 LAYOUT
\par }\pard\plain \qj \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 1  }{\strike\f6 Config's Page layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_page_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 2  }{\strike\f6 Page or Regulation definition window layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_pgdef_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 3  }{\strike\f6 Variable Editor layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_var_ed_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 4  }{\strike\f6 Color Editor layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_color_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 5  }{\strike\f6 Font layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_font_ly}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 6  }{\strike\f6 Draw Editor layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_draw_ly}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_resource_ed}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use the Resource Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:000}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057  }{\f6 Configuration: Resource Editor

\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The Resource Editor allows to view and to edit the resources of every object both in the page and in the library.
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_remw.bmp\}
\par }
\par Not editable resources are also displayed but specified buttons and text fields are insensitive, as some resources are editable in libraries but not on page.
\par \pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 The Resource Editor is called by the user once the object has been }{\strike\f6\ul selected}{\v\f6\ul !}{\v\f6 PopupId(`gloshelp.hlp',`}{\v\f6\ul lgc_gl_gph_select}{\v\f6 ')}{\f6 
 by choosing Resource on Edit's pulldown menu or Resource on the pop-up menu (which is recalled from the third mouse button pressed on page/library). 
\par }{\f6 LEGOMMI displays a window containing the page name and class of the parent, a pulldown menu, the name of the object being edited, an option m}{\f6 
enu to choose the resource class, the list of the selected resources and the "Apply" and "Load" (Resources) buttons.
\par }{\f6 Available resource classes are:
\par }{\f6 Geometric
\par }{\f6 Specific
\par }{\f6 Color attributes
\par }{\f6 Change color var. 1
\par }{\f6 Change color var. 2
\par }{\f6 Change color var. 3
\par }{\f6 Change color var. 4
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 "Geometric" are standard resources that define all the geometrical characteristics of the object (X, Y, Width, High, Rotate, Transparent) and some colors.
\par }{\f6 "Specific" are typical of every kind of object and contain resources like the ob}{\f6 ject type (i.e. pointer, bar for an indicator etc.).
\par }{\f6 "Color attributes" define the object's typical colors.
\par }{\f6 The other four ones, if available for the object, allow to associate an object portion with different colors depending on the values taken on by the variable chosen.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Every group is set by selecting an option on the option menu and displayed inside a scrolled window. The above figure displays the "Specific" resources group of the icon.
\par }{\f6 Every row contains a resource but there are different display}{\f6 ing modalities. 
\par }{\f6 The button and text field are available when an Editor is necessary (Color, Font, Bitmap) to insert the modification. The button, featuring a label with the resources name, activates the editor while the text fields display the resource.
\par }{\f6 The label features the name and the text field when the user can directly insert the resource value.
\par }{\f6 The label features the name and the option menu to ascribe the resource value (i.e. a type or a rotation).
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Once a resource has been modified to the ri}{\f6 ght of the text field a little line is displayed.
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_remod.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
Through the "Apply" push button the Resource Editor sets the current resource directly on the object. Through "Load" (Resources) push button the resources of the currently-selected object are loaded on the same window. The same operation is available also
}{\f6  through the File's pulldown menu with "Load Resources". The other options, -"Reset resources" and "Close"-, restore the condition prior to the editing of the individual resources and }{\f6 close the page.
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 \page }{\f6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_var_ed}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 K How;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use the Variable Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:010}}
{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration: Variable editor

\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 Through the Variable Editor the user can select a variable from the set data base (simulator label on the config main window). The Editor reaches the variable by selecting first the module and the module block and then the block variable. 
\par }{\f6 Variable Editor main window:
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_ved1.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The three selections above can be made by pressing the "List" push buttons. Once the List push buttons have been clicked, selection windows will be displayed. The}{\f6 
y contain respectively the list of models, the list of blocks of the selected model and the variable of the selected block.
\par }{\f6 
First the user must choose the Model and  the block then, by clicking the second "List" push button. The window which will be displayed features two lists containing the modules (and also the "All" choice) and the blocks respectively. If the user selects 
}{\f6 a particular module and then clicks "Filter" the block list will be updated only with the blocks of that module; if "All" has been s}{\f6 elected, all the model blocks will be displayed.
\par }{\f5 In the regulation model construction regulation scheme is like a module and coincides with a model block.
\par }{\f6 After the model and the block have been selected the user can choose the variable.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f6 In order to easily configure a desired variable a number of filters are available.
\par }{\f6 The filters "Component" and "Sub System" can be activate through an option menu and "All" will deselect filters. These filters, if activated, reduce the number of elements displayed ins}{\f6 
ide model and block lists, according to the Component or Sub System chosen.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Variable Editor allows to load configuration information on a variable related to an object of the drawing area which has already been selected by pressing the "Grab Selected Widget" push button.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 When the editor is called during the configuration of an interactive object such as a button it is possible to assign a perturbation. Available perturbations are Not, Step, Pulse, Ramp, UpDown.
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 A view of Variable Editor windows is }{\f6 available in:
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f6 1  }{\strike\f6 Variable Editor layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_var_ed_ly}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_color_ed}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use the Color Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:020}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration: Color editor
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The Color Editor is called every time colors are assigned and displays a window named "Resource Color Viewer" which contains 12 (max) configured colors.
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_cores.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 Every color can be selected by clicking on the button which contains the desired color; the adjacent text field contains the string defining the color.
\par }{\f6 Through the Edit pulldown menu the user can call the "Color Editor" to build a new color}{\f6 , to display the active Colormap or by selecting "Grab color" to import a new one (for example  from the color map).
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 It is possible to change a default color from the default palette by following these steps:
\par }{\f6 1) select the desired color on the default palette;
\par }{\f6 2) modify the color either through the Color Editor or by writing the color string in the text field or grabbing a color;
\par }{\f6 3) press the "Apply" push button;
\par }{\f6 4) select a second time the button color of the palette;
\par }{\f6 The new default color palette }{\f6 will be saved in a local file named FileColoriDefault after pressing "OK". This file will be loaded every time the Color viewer is used.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
The definition of a new color by the Color Editor is made by dragging the mouse on the red, green and blue scrolling bars. Once the user has pressed "OK" the new color will be exported in the Color Viewer, the display will be possible after pressing "Appl
}{\f6 y" in the "Color Viewer".
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 After pressing a color inside an application windows the user can select "Grab color" to}{\f6  capture the color of the point  and load it in the Color Viewer.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The Color Map displays the available color of the active colormap. Every color can be captured by using "Grab Color".
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 The Color Editor and the Color Map windows are available in:
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f6 1  }{\strike\f6 Color Editor layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_color_ly}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_font_ed}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use the Font Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:030}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration: Font editor
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 When the user has to assign a text inside a resource, he can change the font by calling the Font Editor.
\par }{\f6 LEGOMMI displays a window named "Font Viewer" featuring a number of default f}{\f6 ont which can be selected by the user clicking a push button, a text field which contains the font define string and three confirm-action push button.
\par }
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_foed1.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The user can edit a new font by using the "Edit Font" on the Edit pulldown menu.
\par }{\f6 It is possible to change a default font by following these steps:
\par }{\f6 1) select the default font which has to changed;
\par }{\f6 2) modify the Font through the Font Editor or writing the desire font string;
\par }{\f6 3) push the Apply push button of the Font Editor;
\par }{\f6 4) sele}{\f6 ct a second time the push button of the changed font.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 By clicking the OK push button of the Font Viewer the default font will be saved in the }{\i\f6 FileFontDefault}{\f6  file which is red at every recall of this editor.
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The Font Editor shows all the Font available.
\par }{\f6 The font will be results of 3 choices between these groups:
\par }{\f6 "Family or Short name", 
\par }{\f6 "Font", 
\par }{\f6 "Size and Charset"
\par }{\f6 During font selection, an example of the selected font is displayed and once "OK" push button is clicked, Font Editor exports to the F}{\f6 
ont Viewer the new font which can be shown only after the user has pressed the Font Viewer "Apply" push button.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The Font Editors window layout is available in:
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f6 1  }{\strike\f6 Font Editor layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_font_ly}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_draw_ed}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use the Draw Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:040}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration: Draw editor
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The Draw editor is used in two different cases: during page for background editing or during icon construction to build animated icon drawing. 
\par }{\f6 Functionality provided are the same except for case of enumerated animated colors that are allowed only for animated icon draw e}{\f6 diting.
\par }{\f6 
A title on the Draw main window is displayed: "Draw on Page XXXX" or "Draw on animated icon". This editor is called from the "Background Draw" pulldown menu of the page (first modality) or during an icon configuration, in particular by assigning the "File
}{\f6 name" resource which will display a page containing the list of the available (and amendable) icon files; by choosing Edit (or Create for a new file) on the File pulldown menu of this window the editor working with the selected file is called.

\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 In }{\f6 general through this editor the user can draw lines, circles, squares polygons, and every other free line with the mouse or he can modify already objects drawn (dimension, color, filling).
\par }{\f6 
The kind of object which will be instantiate can be chosen through a series of push buttons, the same applies to fill and line color. Four push buttons (displaying four grey color) are dedicated to set color change variables during icon draw configuration
}{\f6 .
\par }{\f6 Utilities such as Zoom, Snap, Group, Ungroup, are also, provided}{\f6 .
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 More information on Draw Editor commands and window layouts  is available in:
\par }\pard \qj {\b\f6 1  }{\strike\f6 Draw Editor layout}{\v\f6 lmi_con_draw_ly}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_bitmap_ed}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use the Bitmap Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:050}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration: Bitmap editor
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 When an object uses the bitmap format its drawing is built through the standard Bitmap Editor.
\par An example of bitmap file is displayed in the following figure.
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_btmed.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par The Bitmap Editor is called to modify an already existing file, which is chosen by the user from the bitmap files contained in the active icon directory, or to create a new one. 
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_btmse.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par In this second case the user has to define first of all the dimension of the drawing: width and height.
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_btmhw.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 
\par After file selection the filename will be exported to the text field of the relevant resource .
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_functions}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;snap;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use snap}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:060}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration: zoom and snap
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\b\i\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 SNAP
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 By pressing "Set Snap" on the Option pulldown menu of the page, the user can fix a grid where to draw the line and obtain linear connections.
\par }{\f6 This option allows to build a linear connection between ports.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 Th}{\f6 e user can set the snap value in pixels.
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_snap.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 ZOOM
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f6 In order to facilitate page construction, LEGOMMI has a Zoom function which can be activated from the Options pulldown menu in the Page window. Available Zoom options are 100% (the default value), 200%, 300%, 400%.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page }{\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_connection}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;connection;Configuration}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use connection}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:070}}{\plain \b\f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_u}{\plain \f2\lang2057 p","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f5  Configuration: connections
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 Two types of connection are provided: between Iconreg objects in a regulation page; between different regulation pages.
\par }{\b\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 1. Connection between Iconreg object
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 This operation links vari}{\f5 ables of LEGO modules acting on the variable-associated port. Every port will store the name of the connected port.
\par }{\f5 The graphical look of a connection is a polyline which links ports.
\par }{\f5 
In order to create a connection the user first select "Connect mode" on the Option's pulldown menu and then, click on the source port and draw the line on the target port. This operation is made by clicking the first mouse button on the first port and by 
}{\f5 moving the mouse (with mouse button release) on the second; an angle on}{\f5 
 the connection line can be obtained by clicking the first button. The user can abort the operation by clicking with second mouse button (the connection in creation is deleted). When the mouse is over a port, it displays the tag (2 character) of the assoc
}{\f5 iated variable.
\par }{\f5 MMI also maintains connections when the user moves objects that are already connected each other.
\par }{\f5 Particular connections:
\par }\pard \qj\fi-284\li568\sl240 {\b\f5 -}{\f5 \tab Branched connections are prevented except when a dedicated elementary-module named "dira" is used;
\par }{\b\f5 -}{\f5 \tab Loops inside}{\f5  a scheme are not accepted during compilation, and must be broken by the elementary-modules named "dtri", "dtrl".
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 1. Connection between pages (interface connections)
\par }\pard \qj\fi-284\li568\sl240 {\f5 Connections between different regulation scheme require the following operations:
\par }{\f5 1)\tab to close the pages
\par }{\f5 2)\tab to click the "Interface Mode" on Interface Mode's pulldown menu
\par }{\f5 3)\tab to open the interesting pages
\par }\pard \fi-284\li568\sl240 {\f5 4)\tab to build the connection by clicking the concerned ports with the first mouse button.
\par }{\f5 5)\tab to close the pages
\par }{\f5 6)\tab to click "Interface}{\f5  Mode" on Interface Mode's pulldown menu to unselect this modality
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 This kind of connection is possible only between two "interface ports".
\par }{\f5 The connection is shown inside the interface ports by a little red rectangle. This kind of connection can be delete trying to delete the interface iconreg.
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f5 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_datain}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;data input;Configuration}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : how to use the data input}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:080}}{\plain \b\f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f5  Configuration: data input
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 Every object has in the "Specific" a resource (named Input Value) containing all attempt variables and data values and descriptions of the associate module like an ASCII string}{\f5 
. The characteristic of the form that will be used in I/O data values are retrieved from a file (form) which contains the list of tags and the description of all variables and data of the module. When the user works on a regulation scheme the form file is
}{\f5  retrieved during the choice of the object (elementary regulation module).
\par }{\f5 The user can change the values by pressing "Input Value" and work on the window displayed. In fact, MMI displays two windows featuring the Tags of the block variable and the data re}{\f5 
trieved once the user has chosen between variables or data on the a first dialog page.
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_datin.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 Once the user has pressed "OK", MMI updates the values for the LEGO block associated which edited iconreg.
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6\fs32 \page }{\f6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_page_ly}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 K Layout;page;Config}}
{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : layout of a config's page}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:200}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration layout: page
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 A config's page contains the following areas:
\par }{\b\f6 Pulldown menu area :
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2291\cellx7609\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 File\cell }{\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2291\cellx7609\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Save\cell }{\f6 Saves the page\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Print\cell }{\f6 Prints the page\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Print Setup\cell }{\f6 Sets the print\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Close\cell }{\f6 Closes the page\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row 
}\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Add icon\cell }{\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f6 List of libraries\cell }{\f6 Retrieves an icon from the selected }{\f6 
chosen libraries\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Edit\cell }{\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Duplicate\cell }{
\f6 Duplicates a selected object (both foreground and background objects are considered)\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Delete\cell }{\f6 Deletes a selected object (as above)\cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Cut\cell }{\f6 Removes and stores in buffer a selected object (as above)\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Copy\cell }{\f6 Copies from buffer a selected object (as above)\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Paste\cell }{\f6 Instantiate in objects stored in buffer\cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Foreground\cell }{\f6 Edit operation on the foreground objects only\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {
\f6           Cut\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6           Copy\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 
          Paste\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Background\cell }{\f6 Operation on the background o}{\f6 nly\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6           Cut\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6           Copy\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6           Paste\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6           Put bottom\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row 
}\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6           Put top\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6           Group\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row 
}\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6           Ungroup\cell }{\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Configure\cell }{\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 \row 
}\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Resource editor\cell }{\f6 Calls the Resource Editor for the selected object\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Draw Background\cell }{
\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Draw\cell }{\f6 Calls the Draw Editor for background drawing\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Compile\cell }{\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Page\cell }{\f6 Compiles the page for animation\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row 
}\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Regulation\cell }{\f6 Compiles the regulation page (topological elaboration)\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Page Error View\cell }{\f6 
Shows page's compilation errors \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Regulation Erro}{\f6 r View \cell }{\f6 Shows regulation's page compilation errors \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {
\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Option\cell }{\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Grid\cell }{\f6 Display/cancel background grid\cell }\pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Zoom\cell }{\f6 Selects zoom factor: 100,200,300,400 %\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Set SnapError\cell }{\f6 
Selects Snap value: 5,10,15,other,off\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Connect mode\cell }{\f6 Sets the connect modality for regulation pages\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row 
}\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Set Visual Mode\cell }{\f6 Sets the displaying modalities of Display reg, Port, Interface port\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2291\cellx7609\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Refresh window\cell }{\f6 Refreshes the page\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The Edit pulldown menu is also available as a pop-up menu by pressing the third mouse button .
\par }{\f6 A foreground}{\f6 
 object can be selected by clicking the first mouse button on the unmanage rectangle which represents the selection area or by dragging the mouse. If the user has selected, with the second modality, both background and foreground objects he can do a selec
}{\f6 tive copy operation by using the copy-cut-paste options of the Background (to work only on background objects) and the Foreground (to work only on foreground objects) Edit's pulldown menu.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\ri-6\tx-568 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 On the page the following modalities of displaying are available:}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1282\cellx2567\cellx3317\cellx4770\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 \cell }{\b\f6 Display reg\cell }{\b\f6 Port\cell }{\b\f6 Interface Port\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b\f6 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1282\cellx2567\cellx3317\cellx4770\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Unmanage\cell }\pard \s28\qc\intbl {\b\f6 X\cell }{\b\f6 X\cell }{\b\f6 X\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Manage\cell }\pard \s28\qc\intbl {\b\f6 \cell }{\b\f6 X\cell }{\b\f6 X\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Tag\cell }\pard \s28\qc\intbl {\b\f6 X\cell }
{\b\f6 X\cell }{\b\f6 X\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Module\cell }\pard \s28\qc\intbl {\b\f6 X\cell }{\b\f6 \cell }{\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1282\cellx2567\cellx3317\cellx4770\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\f6 Value\cell }\pard \s28\qc\intbl {\b\f6 X\cell }{\b\f6 \cell }{\b\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 

\par }{\b\f6 Drawing area:
\par }{\f6 where built the drawing
\par }\pard \qj\fi284\sl240 {\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_pgdef_ly}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;page definition;regulation definition;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : layout of page (or regulation) definition page}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
+ Lmi_conf:210}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6 
 Configuration layout: page or regulation definition window
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 When the creation of a page or scheme is required LEGOMMI displays a dialog page gathering geometrical and other information.
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_pgdef.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2083\cellx5208\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Page name\cell }{\f6 Page name\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2083\cellx5208\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Description\cell }{\f6 Page description\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Page type\cell }{\f6 "Synoptic", "Station" or "Regulation" \cell }\pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Regulatio}{\f6 n scheme\cell }{\f6 
In use or not in use to avoid the insertion of the scheme in library (schemi_reg.a), in the file (lista_schemi.dat) and in the regulation task during construction.\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Refresh frequency\cell }{\f6 Time internal (ms) between  page refresh cycles\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx5667\cellx6749\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f6 
Window size and position\cell }\pard \s28\qj\intbl {\i\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\i\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2100\cellx5225\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 X\cell }{\f6 Window upper left X coordinate\cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Y\cell }{\f6 Window upper left Y coordinate\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Width\cell }{\f6 
Width of the window\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Height\cell }{\f6 Height of the window\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx5684\cellx6716
\pard\plain \s28\qc\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\i\f6 Drawing area size and color\cell }\pard \s28\qj\intbl {\i\f6 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\i\f6 \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2117\cellx5259\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
{\f6 Width\cell }{\f6 Width of the drawing area\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Height\cell }{\f6 Height of the drawing }{\f6 area\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx2117\cellx5259\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f6 Background\cell }{\f6 Background color\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\f6 \row }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_var_ed_ly}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : layout of the Variable Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:220}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 
!{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration layout: Variable Editor
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Model selection window:
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_ved2.bmp\}
\par }
\par \pard \qj\fi284 Block selection window:
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_ved3.bmp\}
\par }
\par \pard \qj\fi284 Variable selection window:
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_ved4.bmp\}
\par }
\par \pard \qj\fi284 Perturbation configuration window:
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_ved5.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_color_ly}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : layout of the Color Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:230}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp'}{\plain \f2\lang2057 ,`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration layout: Color Editor
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The "Color Editor" window:
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_coedt.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 
\par The "Color map" window:
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_comap.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_font_ly}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : layout of the Font Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:240}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration layout: Font Editor
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The Font Editor window is displayed in the following figure:
\par \pard \qj {\b 
\par }{\b \{bmc mi_foed2.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_con_draw_ly}}}{\f6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Layout;Editors;Configuration}}{\f6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ Configuration : layout of the Draw Editor}}{\f6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_conf:250}}{\plain \b\f6\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","JumpId(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_con_config')")}}}{\f6  Configuration layout: Draw Editor
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par The Draw Editor window is displayed in the following figures:
\par {\f6 
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_dred1.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f6 Fig. 1
\par }
\par {\f6 Draw Editor pulldown menu:
\par }{\f6 
\par }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1447\cellx5024\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b File\cell }{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1447\cellx5024\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Save
\cell Saves the file (only for "Draw on icon")\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Save as\cell Saves the file with another name (only for "Draw on icon")\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row 
\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Exit\cell Exits Draw\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Edit\cell }{\i 
Actives only for "Draw on icon", analog operation for Draw on Page are available on Page pulldown menu.}{\b\i \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Duplicate\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Cut\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Copy\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
Paste\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Delete\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Select all\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 
\row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Put top\cell Put the selected object in foreground position in respect to the other\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Put Bottom\cell 
Put the selected object in background position in respect to the other\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Group\cell 
Groups selected objects in a single "group" obj; the resulted obj can be proportionally resized\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Ungroup\cell 
Ungroups a "group" obj; components obj can be accessed one by one\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Modify obj\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 
{\b View\cell }{\i Zoom. Actives only for "Draw on icon", analog operation for Draw on Page are available on Page pulldo}{\i wn menu}{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b \row }\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Normal View\cell \cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 200%\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 400%\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 800%\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Grid\cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Draw\cell }\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    Group\cell Groups some select objects\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    Ungroup\cell Ungroups some select objects
\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    Filled\cell Filles selected objects\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    Line Stile\cell Chooses from: {\i Solid}
, {\i Dashed}, {\i Line dot}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    Line Width\cell Chooses from: {\i Thin}, {\i D1,2,3,6, other} (pixel)\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain 
\s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057    Snap\cell Chooses from: {\i 5,10,15,other,Snap off}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b Color\cell }{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 {\b \row }\trowd 
\trgaph70\trleft-70 \cellx1447\cellx5024\pard\plain \s28\qj\intbl \f2\fs20\lang2057 Edit Color\cell Calls the Color Editor\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f2\lang2057 \row \pard \qj\fi284 {\f6 
\par }
\par }