{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f3\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f4\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f5\froman Times New Roman;}{\f6\fswiss Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s224\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\qj\fi284\li4961\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 
\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{\s226\qj\fi284\li4253\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s227\qj\fi284\li3544\ri850\tldot\tx8646\tqr\tx9072 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{
\s228\qj\fi284\li2835\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\qj\fi284\li2126\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\qj\fi284\li1418\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\qj\fi284\li709\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\qj\fi284\ri850\tldot\tx8504\tqr\tx8640 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\qj\fi284\li1701 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{\s234\qj\fi284\li1417 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\qj\fi284\li1134 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\qj\fi284\li850 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\qj\fi284\li567 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{\s238\qj\fi284\li283 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{\s242\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9000 \b\f2\fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext242 footer;}{\s243\qj\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs16\up6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\qj\fi284\li708 \i\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\qj\fi284\li708 \fs20\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\qj\fi284\li708 \b\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{
\s251\qj\fi284\li354 \ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\qr\fi284 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\qj\fi284\sb120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp60 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn 
\b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\qj\fi284\li708 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 testo nota di chiusura;}{
\s3\qj\fi284\li2835 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext3 rientro1;}{\s4\qj\fi284\li3402\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext4 rientro2;}{\s5\qj\fi-1418\li3686\ri567\tx3686 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext5 rientro des;}{\s6\qj\fi284\li3969\keepn \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon3\snext6 rientro3;}{\s7\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext7 campoalftab;}{\s8\qr\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon7\snext8 camponum;}{\s9\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext9 risposta;}{\s10\qc\fi284 \b\caps\f2\fs48\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext10 tit1pub;}{\s11\qc\fi284 \b\f2\fs40\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext11 subtitpub;}{\s12\qc\fi284 \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext12 subsubtitpub;}{\s13\qr\fi284\keepn \b\i\f2\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon252\snext13 attenzione;}{
\s14\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext14 intestit1des;}{\s15\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\caps\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon243\snext15 intestit1sin;}{\s16\qr\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon15\snext16 intestit2sin;}{\s17\fi284\tqc\tx4252\tqr\tx8504 \b\i\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon14\snext17 intestit2des;}{\s18\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext18 normale rientro0;}{\s19\qr\fi284\keepn \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon252\snext19 col.1 for1;}{\s20\qj\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 normale no rientro;}{\s21\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext21 norm;}{\s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \snext22 /intes barra;}{
\s23\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext23 pie pag disp con barra;}{\s24\qj\fi284\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon20\snext24 pie pag barra;}{\s25\qj\fi-1134\li3402 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext25 var=2;}{\s26\qj\fi-1701\li3969 \f2\lang2057 \sbasedon25\snext26 var=3;}{\s27\qc \b\i\f2\fs36\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext27 Intermedio;}{\s28\qj \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext28 Tabella;}{\s29\qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext29 endnote text;}{\s30\qj\fi284\li1440\sb60\sa60 \lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext30 RelSdi;}{\s31\qr\sb3840\sa240\brdrt\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20 \b\f6\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext32 TitoloPrincipale;}{\s32\qr\sa960 \b\f6\fs32\lang1040 
\sbasedon31\snext33 SottoTitolo;}{\s33\qr\sb960 \b\f6\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext0 ACuraDi;}{\s34 \b\f6\fs28\lang1040 \sbasedon254\snext34 NomeDitta;}{\s35\sb1440\sa720 \b\f6\fs60\lang1040 \sbasedon33\snext35 TitoloSom;}{
\s36\fi-360\li2160\sb60\sa120\tx3600 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext36 Lista;}{\s37\sb60\sa60 \fs20\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext37 TestoTabella;}{\s38\qj\fi-283\li2880\sb60\sa60\tx284\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920 
\lang1040 \sbasedon0\snext38 PuntiSdi;}}{\info{\title LEGOMMI HELP}{\subject Documentazione LEGOMMI}{\doccomm LMMIHELP compilation}{\creatim\yr1995\mo2\dy27\hr15\min41}{\revtim\yr1995\mo5\dy18\hr9\min29}{\printim\yr1995\mo4\dy11\hr9\min44}{\version70}
{\edmins765}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16415}}\paperw11901\paperh16834\margl1134\margr1134\margt1701\margb1701\gutter0 \deftab567\hyphhotz426 \sectd \binfsxn1\binsxn1\pgnrestart\linex0\headery1088\footery918\colsx709 {\header 
\pard\plain \qr\fi284\ri-6 \f2\lang2057 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b \\}{\b styleref}{\b  "titolo 1"}}{\fldrslt {\b ! #K$+Compilation: regulation scheme}}}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s22\qj\keepn\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx567 \f2\fs20\lang1040 \tab \tab \tab \tab LMMIHELP  HELP on line\tab \tab \tab 
\par \pard\plain \s20\qc\fi284\keepn \f2\lang2057 {\b s.d.}{\b i.} automazione industriale
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_cmp_anim}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 K Compilation;LEGOMMI}$
{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ LEGOMMI : how to compile an animated page}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_help:060}{\plain \f2\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 
\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057   }{\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","}{\plain \f2\lang2057 JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')}{\plain \f6\lang2057 ")}}}{\plain \f2\fs36\up6\lang2057  }
LEGOMMI: compilation for animated pages
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 
\par Once the graphic built of a page (synoptic or regulation) has been completed, the user can compile it in order to use the page in animation during run-time by pressing "Page" on the Compile's pulldown menu.
\par \pard \qj\fi284\sl240 All types of pages can be completed for animation: make sure when you compile regulation page for synoptic use (animation use) that the simulator description file (variabili.rtf) is updated.
\par During compilation, all reference to simulation variable names associated with icons are solved in terms of pointers to dynamic simulator data base where calculated values from simulation reside. Also page links are verified.
\par Compilation produces an output ASCII file, {\i page.rtf} which will be used by {\i mmi.}
\par \pard \qj\fi284 In case of error, errors will be collected in an ASCII file, {\i page.rtf_err}
, which will appear afterwards by clicking "Page Error View" on the Compile pulldown menu. For any easy debugging Compilator draws a red cross on objects that caused errors during page compilation.
\par 
\par \pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_cmp.bmp\}
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 
\par \pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 {\f6\fs32 \page }{\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_tags}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K How;tags;LEGOMMI}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ LEGOMMI : how to use identifier tags in regulation pages}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_help:070}}{\plain \f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  Chan}{\plain \f2\lang2057 geButtonBinding("button_up","JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')")}}}{\f5  LEGOMMI: identifier tags in regulation pages
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f5 
\par }{\f5 Inside the regulation pages }{\f5 LEGO}{\f5 MMI uses different tags, or codes, to define regulation pages and their instantiated objects.
\par }{\f5 LEGOMMI has the following types of identifier t}{\f5 ags:
\par }{\f5 1) tags dedicated to internal use of LEGOMMI (i.e 15w22c).
\par }{\f5 2) tags used for blocks and variable LEGO name construction.
\par }{\f5 3) tags generated}{\b\i\f5  }{\f5 taking from the environment.
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 1)
\par }{\b\f5 MMI instantiated identifier
\par }\pard \qj {\f5 - }{\f5 Once an object has been instantiated, MMI assigns a tag, i.e. 15w.
\par }\pard \qj {\f5 - Once in the same object, a child (i.e. port or dispreg) is instantiated and the composed tag is assigned; it is composed by the parent identifier followed by an univocal tag, i.e. 15w22c.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 N.B.}{\f5   }{\f5 These identifiers are of internal use of LEGOMMI; their interest for the user is limited in object easy identification by name}{\f5  during compilation.}{\f5 
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\b\f5 2)
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 Progressive number}{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\sl240 {\f5 - <XX> Every page is associated with a code, build with numbers and characters, i.e.:
\par }{\f5 00,01, ... , 0A, 0B, ... , 0Z,10,11, ... , ZZ
\par }{\f5 These numbers are univocal for every page and are not}{\f5  recomputated once a page is deleted.
\par }\pard \qj\sl240 {\f5 - <YY> At every object instantiated inside a page is associated an univocal code such as the one above .
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 Iconreg tag
\par }\pard \qj {\f5 It is an univocal tag which identifies the object. It is composed by 4 characters: object and page progressives 
\par }{\f5 --------->XXYY.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 Elementary module name}{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj {\f5 - <&&&&> Once an iconreg has been associated to an elementary regulation module, i.e. "and2", the file name will be used to build the name of the instantiated module.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 Name of an instantiated block
\par }\pard \qj {\f5 It is composed by the elementary module name followed by the iconreg tag:
\par }{\f5 --------->&&&&XXYY.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 Name of a variable
\par }\pard \qj {\f5 It is composed by the variable name of the elementary module (2 character) followed by the iconreg t}{\f5 ag, by the progressive number and by the first two character of the task name:
\par }{\f5 --------->JIXXYYTA
\par }{\f5 
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\b\f5 3)
\par }{\b\f5 Name of a task
\par }{\f5 The task name is created by the working directory i.e. "tasknumber1". This name will insert inside f14.dat and f01.dat files and the first two character will be used to built the LEGO variables name.
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page {\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_cmp_reg}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Compilation;LEGOMMI}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ LEGOMMI : how to compile a regulation scheme}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_help:080}}{\plain \f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  }{\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","}{\plain \f2\lang2057 JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')}{\plain \f6\lang2057 ")}}}{\f5 
 LEGOMMI: compilation of a regulation scheme
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 Once the graphic built of the scheme has been completed, the user can generate the code by pressing "Compile Regulation" on the Compile}{\f5 's pulldown menu. 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 
Only the regulation schemes have to be compiled to obtain the regulation fortran files used by LEGO which will be linked to built the regulation task assembling the different schemes as single blocks. If it is selected for a synoptic page, this choice dis
}{\f5 plays a warning dialog window which advises the user that the operation is not permitted.
\par }{\f5 The "Compile Regulation" option, starting from the information contained inside the page objects (widget, connections), produces a fortran code of}{\f5 
 the scheme which is able to interface with the elementary regulation module and computes a steady state which will be loaded again inside the objects.
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 In particular REGOMMI subdivides the compilation of a page called XXXX in the following phases:
\par }\pard \qj\fi-284\li284 {\f5 1) Gathers information from the page, }{\i\f5 production}{\f5  of }{\b\f5 XXXX.reg}{\f5 ,}{\b\f5  }{\f5 and}{\b\f5   XXXX.reg_err }{\f5 containing}{\b\f5  }{\f5  errors
\par }\pard \qj\fi-284\li284 {\f5 2) Describes the topology starting from XXXX.reg, }{\i\f5 production}{\f5  of }{\b\f5 XXXX.top}{\f5 
\par }{\f5 3) Generates of the fortran code, }{\i\f5 production}{\f5  of }{\b\f5 XXXX.f}{\f5 ,}{\b\f5    XXXX.dat}{\f5 ,}{\b\f5    XXXX_01.dat}{\f5 
\par }{\f5 4) In}{\f5 tegrates, if necessary, }{\b\f5 lista_schemi.dat}{\f5  file 
\par }{\f5 5) Adds the object in the }{\b\f5 schemi_reg.a}{\f5  library
\par }\pard \qj\fi-284\li284 {\f5 6) Computes the steady state of the scheme: }{\i\f5 production}{\f5  of the lg3reg executable file, its running with the }{\i\f5 production}{\f5  of the output files }{\b\f5 XXXX_04.dat}{\f5 ,}{\b\f5    XXXX_14.dat}{\f5 

\par }\pard \qj\fi-284\li284 {\f5 7) Updates all data inside the page with steady state values
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 Naturally when the "Scheme in use" page flag is not set the scheme will not be inserted in the library and in the list (4,5).
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 In case of error message dialog boxes will be displayed and}{\f5  errors will be gathered in a file which will appear after compilation by clicking "Regulation Error View" on Compile pulldown menu.
\par }{\f5 All these files are produced in a work directory called "proc" (automatically generated if it did not exist) under the "Page" directory specified on Context; the same directory can be set by the user through the LEGOMMI_WORK environment variable.

\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 The following figure shows the above steps:
\par }{\f5 
\par }\pard \qj {\b \{bmc mi_cmprg.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s254\ri-6\keepn\tx-568\tx10773 \shading1000 \b\f2\fs36\expnd12\lang2057 \page {\f5 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 {\b # lmi_cmp_task}}}{\f5 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 
K Compilation;LEGOMMI}}{\f5 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 $ LEGOMMI : how to compile a regulation task}}{\f5 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s29\qj\fi284\tx-568 \f2\lang2057 + Lmi_help:090}}{\plain \f5\fs36\up6\lang2057 !{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\qj\fi284 \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\plain \f2\up6\lang2057 !}{\plain \f2\lang2057  }{\plain \f6\lang2057 ChangeButtonBinding("button_up","}{\plain \f2\lang2057 JI(`lmmihelp.hlp',`lmi_summary')}{\plain \f6\lang2057 ")}}}{\f5 
 LEGOMMI: compilation of a regulation task
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi284 \f2\lang2057 {\f5 
\par }\pard \qj\fi284 {\f5 Once the gr}{\f5 aphic built and the }{\f5 generation}{\f5 
 of the LEGO fortran code of every relevant regulation scheme have been completed, the user can generate the regulation task by pressing "Regulation Task" on the Compile's pulldown menu in the config's main window. REGOMMI includes in the task only the sc
}{\f5 hemes which have set "in use" the dedicated flag (see }{\strike\f5 regulation definition window}{\v\f5 lmi_con_pgdef_ly}{\f5 ).
\par }{\f5 Depending on the contents of the regulation schemes (and their connections through interfaces iconreg) REGOMMI produces the f}{\f5 
01.dat and the f14.dat files and generates the task. During this operation N regulation scheme are involved and a number of them will be connected depending on their mutual connections. Every scheme is a single task block.
\par }{\f6 
\par }
\par }